Beth: So dad, guess what tomorrow is...
Rick: Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday.
Beth: No... well, it might be...
Rick: It is.
Beth: Fine, but also, tomorrow is your one year anniversary back in our lives. I'm gonna make you flying saucer-shaped pancakes.
Rick: Oh, there's no need to do that, Beth. Regular pancakes are fine.
Beth: Happy anniversary, dad!
Rick: Oh, I get it. Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers.  Mmm, I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me.
Jerry: Should be making us a whole restaurant.
Beth: Nonsense, we couldn’t be happier to have you around. I just wish I got to see more of you.
Rick 1: Rick Sanchez of Earth dimension C-137. You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the transdimensional council of Ricks.
Jerry: Hey! What the heck?
Rick 1: Neutralise the Jerry.
Jerry: Wait, no!
Summer: Dad!
Beth: Dad!
Morty: Rick!
Rick : Everybody relax. If I know these a-holes, and I am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions. Let’s get it over with.
Rick 1: Bring his mo--orty.
Morty: Oh, man.
Rick : Leave my  Morty out of this!
Rick 1: You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join  the council.
Beth: Wait, wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry?
Rick : Will you at least unfreeze my daughter’s idiot?
Jerry: -give you anything! I have a rare antique coin collection, just don’t hurt me!  Okay, maybe not antique, but it was a limited minting. They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons.
Beth: Our son’s been abducted!
Jerry: You hate me for buying those coins!
Morty : Geez, Rick! Wh-what is this place?
Rick : The citadel of Ricks. It’s the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks.
Morty : Council of Ricks?
Rick : As you know, Morty, I’ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government: wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa. And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers.
Morty : Hey, what do you know? It’s a cowboy version of me!
Rick : Geez, you’re easy to impress. Yeah, most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty. This place is a real who’s-who of who’s you and me.
Rick Salesman 1: Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement, with some Morty dazzlers!
Rick Salesman 2: Hey, check this out!
Morty Doll: Show me the Morty!
Rick : Dumb.
Rick Salseman 3: ‘Scuse me, sir, is your Morty insured? You know, every year hundreds of Mortys are injured in-
Rick : Back off! Not my cup of tea, this place.
Rick : I say the point of being a Rick is being a-Rick.
Rick 1: Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks, terror-Rick!
Rick : Hey, save your Rick rules for the  sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig!
Rick 1: Fuck me, pal.
Rick : Fuck you? No no no no no, fuck me!
Rick Council 1: Bring up the holograms!
Rick Council 1: Twenty-seven Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines. An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic. What say you, Earth Rick C-137?
Rick : You think I did this? Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe?
Rick Council 1: You  have a history of non-cooperation with the council.
Rick : Yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as Rick! Wh-wh-wh-why isn’t he here in handcuffs?
Rick Council 1: Because he’s dead too!
Rick crowd: No!
Rick Council 1: Who else would you have us question? You fit the profile. Of all the Ricks in the central finite curve, you’re the malcontent. The rogue.
Rick : I’m the Rick. And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government. That makes every Rick here less Rick than me.
Rick crowd: 
Rick : Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them. They’re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste. And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it, but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top! And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there’s evidence! So as they say in Canada, peace oot!
Rick Council 1: Evidence? Good idea. Scan his portal gun!
Rick : Oh, come on. Don’t look at another man’s portal gun history. We-we all go to weird places.
Rick Council 1: Yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured!
Rick : What? That’s Rick-diculous. I’m obviously being set up!
Rick Council 1: Earth Rick C-137! The council of Ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp. Also every ten seconds it stabs your balls.
Rick : I’ve heard enough.
Rick : Run, Morty!
Crowd rick: Uh uh, not you!
Morty : Aaaaah!
Armed Rick 1: Nooo!
Armed Rick 2: Arrrrgh! Ahhhh!
Armed Rick 3: Aaaah!
Armed Ricks 4 and 5: Oof!
Morty : Oh! Oooh!
Pizza 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large person with extra people please.
Pizza 2: White people. No no no no no, black people. And hispanic on half.
Phone 1: Yes, I’d like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please.
Phone 2: High chair. No no no no no, recliner! And wheelchair on half.
Armed Rick 6: They could have gone into any one of these.
Armed Ricks: 
Sofa 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large phone with extra phones please.
Sofa 2: Cellphone. No no no no no, rotary! And payphone on half.
Rick: That’ll keep ‘em  busy for a while.
Morty: Those guys were wrong, right? You don’t- you wouldn’t kill yourself… y-yourselves?
Rick: ‘Course not, Morty! How could that profit me? Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names.
Rick: By finding the real Rick killer.
Morty: I’m scared, Rick! Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers.
Rick: Not really my style, Morty. Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now.
Rick 1: Alright, listen, Jerry. If Rick calls, this device is going to trace his location. You just gotta keep ‘em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer.
Beth: Who wants lemonade?
Rick 1: Oh yeah! Mmm! Oh, delicious!
Rick 2: Beth,  you’re a treasure.
Rick 3: I have a Beth just like you in my  reality, except you know what? She’s not as brilliant or  attractive!
Beth: Aww, thank  you!
All Ricks: Ohohoho! She did it! She did it!
Jerry: Uh, hello?
Rick : Hey Jerry, it’s Rick.
Jerry: Rick! Heyy. Haha, what’s- what’s up?
Rick : So listen, the heat’s on and  there’s nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole.
Jerry: What?
Rick : Is that cool with you, dog?
Jerry: Rick, no! Mortyyyy!
Rick 4: I got it! The call’s coming from… inside the house!
All Ricks:  
Rick: The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry. They won’t be able to help themselves. But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us.
Chair waiter: Phones á la clams, and phonesgetti with phoneballs. Anything else?
Rick: Yeah, more phonesticks please.
Phone waiter: Right away, sir.
Morty: You know Rick, when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys, I thought ‘gee, that kinda devalues our bond.’ But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines.
Rick: Yeah, it’s gotta be that way. You’re a camouflage.
Morty: Camouflage? Wh-wh-what are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh,  Morty waves.
Morty: Um… because… our personalities are so different?
Rick: Oh, shit dog! My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let’s go!
Rick : Uh-oh!
Rick 1: ‘Scuse me, we’ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location. They look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion I’m going to mark us each with a red X right now. That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they’re the evil one, you’ll know who’s lying.
Rick 2: Hey, check it out!
Rick 1: Dammit!
Chair waiter: Hey, you didn’t pay your bill!
Rick 1: The red X! Red X!
Rick: Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. I-I heard you the first time. You don’t have to keep saying it over and over and over.
Rick: Man, this place is wayyy off the grid. This guy does not wanna be found.
Morty: Well, if he’s a Rick, doesn’t he just have to stand by a Morty to hide? I mean, isn’t that what Mortys are? Human cloaking devices?
Rick: Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is.
Morty: Oh my god, Rick, look! There’s a bunch of people strapped all over that building!
Rick: Not people, Morty. Mortys.
Morty : Oh my god… wh-why would somebody do this? It’s horrible!
Rick: Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain. That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, motherfucker. I fiddled with a  concept like this once.
Rick: On paper, Morty, on paper! I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill. I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable.  Which I also wouldn’t do! I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship.
Beth: Coffee time!
All ricks: 
Jerry: Ugh.
Doofus Rick: Hi Jerry!
Jerry: Leave me alone, I’m working!
Doofus Rick: Oh, you are? Wh-wh-what do you do?
Jerry: Ugh. I’m- I’m in between advertising jobs.
Doofus Rick: Advertising? Wow! So, people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them?
Jerry: W-well, it’s a little more complicated than that…
Doofus Rick: Well, I mean, you do it, and you seem like a guy that really has it all together!
Jerry:  Dude, are you… wh- you’re being a dick, right?
Doofus Rick: Oh gosh, wh- I hope not! I-I-I-I wouldn’t want to offend you in any way!
Jerry: You’re really a Rick?
Doofus Rick: Ohoho! Y-of course I am! Just as much as my Morty’s a Morty!
Jerry: Hey, he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie ‘Mask.’ You know, the one with Cher in it?
Doofus Rick: That’s right, Jerry! He-he’s from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people! He’s Eric Stoltz mask Morty! They assigned him to me because… I never had any kids of my own. But if I did, boy, I’d love ‘em  if they were as smart and as successful as you are, Jerry.
Rick 1: Hey, get a load of this! Jerry’s hanging out with doofus Rick.
Rick 2: Haha, this is perfect.
Doofus Rick: I’m not doofus Rick! I’m Rick J-19-Zeta-7!
Rick 1: Oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop? Jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right?
Doofus Rick: Hey! I don’t eat poop! Y-you guys are always so mean to me!
Rick 1 and 2: 
Doofus Rick: I guess it’s only fair to tell you now, Jerry… I’m the worst Rick of them all.
Jerry: According to who? Other versions of you? If I’ve learned one thing, it’s that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
Doofus Rick: Wow, you really are wise, Jerry. I-I guess that’s why you work in advertising!
Jerry: The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all.
Morty: You don’t care about me at all! I’m no different than that jacket you’ve got on! Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun! I’m just a tool! I-I’m just an object!
Rick: Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty. Now for the love of god, be quiet! The point of this is to get the drop on the guy!
Morty: You know what Rick, I’ll tell you something! I’m more than a human shield!
Rick: Yeah, that’s right! You are! You’re a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour, Morty! Because you’re as dumb as I am smart! Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice.
Rick: Great, nice work, Morty.
Rick: Urrgh.
Evil Rick: Ooh, look at you, C-137! You’re- aren’t you a tough customer?
Rick: The slow clap? Really? Kinda played out, dude.
Evil Rick: Not in this dimension it isn’t. In fact, hah, I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before.
Rick: Well lah-dee-dah. 
Evil Rick: Hey, that’s mine!
Rick: I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty. We gotta escape.
Morty: I’m not gonna help you, Rick. Y-you’re a monster.
Rick: Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty.
Morty: W-will you stop saying that? It’s stupid.
Evil Rick: Take his Morty away.
Evil Morty: Come with me.
Morty: Yeah, gladly. Geez man, Ricks huh?
Morty: Hey man, you seem to know how this place works. Is there any way we can… shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys out there?
Evil Morty: It would be pointless. Mortys have no chance of defeating a Rick.
Evil Morty: In here.
Evil Rick: Ahh, isn’t it beautiful?
Rick: Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here. Zing!
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Rick: That guy got it.
Evil Rick: Ah-ah Rick, quiet. You’re missing my symphony.
Rick: Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons. Zip!
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Rick: This guy is on it!
Evil Rick: He’s not laughing at your dumb jokes, Rick. That’s just a random noise it makes every ten seconds.
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Rick: Awww.
Evil Rick: See, Rick, you’re not as clever as you think you are. I wanted you to find me. We’re not so  different, you and I.
Rick: Yeah, duh!
Evil Rick: See this right here, Rick? I crunched the numbers, I created a spectrum of all the Ricks. I listed ‘em out from most evil to least evil. Here’s where I am. And look at right here’s where you are, Rick. This guy right here? Super weird.
Rick: I get it. So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right? Is that where you’re going with this? ‘Cause that’s where I’d be going.
Evil Rick: Please. I think I’m doing pretty good on my own. I’m simply going to download the contents of your brain, and then kill you.
Doofus Rick: Okay, if we add a little more titanium nitrate, and just a tad of chlorified tartrate: ovenless brownies!
Jerry: It’s incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order!
Doofus Rick: Well, come on, I can’t take all the credit, Jerry. It was your idea. C’mere Jerry!
Jerry: Hey, uh. C’mere, uh. I-I wanna show you something.
Jerry: Okay, look. Everybody makes fun of me for getting these, but… you’re a genius scientist, what do you think? There’s little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be!
Doofus Rick: You know Jerry, I’m not gonna tell you that these will increase in value, or even hold their current value. The truth is… you bought ‘em ‘cause you like ‘em. They have value to you. That’s what matters.
Jerry:  How long are you staying?
Doofus Rick: Until we find your Rick.
Jerry:  I found mine. I found mine.
Morty : Help!
Religious Morty: There is no escape, my son. We will find our peace in the next world.
Morty : So what? Y-y-y-y-you’re just going to give up?
Religious Morty: We’re giving in to the power of the One True Morty. One day he will return!
All religious Mortys: Praise the One True Morty!
Morty : Alright Mortys, listen up! My name is Morty Smith, from Earth dimension C-137! I know you’re scared, because I’m scared, but that’s no reason to accept our fate. We’re Mortys! We’re not defined by our relationships to Rick! Our destiny is our own!
Morty 1: This sounds like something the One True Morty might say. I’m sick of being a human shield! I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener!
Morty 2: I wanna write really crazy, intense action novels!
Hammer Morty: I’m more than just a hammer!
Religious Morty: He is the one true Morty! The one true Morty!
All Mortys: Hooray!
Lobster alien: Hey, keep it down!
All Mortys: Raaaaugh!
Evil Rick: You’ve lived quite a life, Rick. It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through.
Evil Rick: You’re crying? Over a Morty?
Rick: No, I’m just allergic to dipshits.
Evil Rick: Ugh, pathetic. We both know that if there’s any truth in the universe, it’s that Ricks don’t care about Mortys.
Evil Rick: Do your worst, you little bastards! Kill me! Do it! Do it!
Rick: Morty! Get me out of this! Come on!
Morty : You’re lucky I’m not a Rick.
Rick: Point taken, but this is  no time for arcs.
Rick 1: Yeah, hello?
Rick : Hey, what do me and O.J. not have in common?
Rick 1: Huh? Wh-who is this?
Rick : I found the real killer, biitch! Get over here!
Rick 1: Yo ding-dong! We’re done here. Time to go.
Doofus Rick: Well Jerry, I  guess this means goodbye.
Jerry: W-w-well, does it have to? Heh, you, you look just like Rick. We could maybe… you know… get rid of him? I’m not saying kill him, necessarily, I-I’m also not saying necessarily not kill him, but-
Doofus Rick: Jerry. W-we both know it wouldn’t work. It’s time to go back to our lives. I love you, Jerry. I love ya.
Morty : Wh-wh-what’s gonna happen to all these Mortys?
Council Rick 1: They’ll go back to their families, attend school regularly, play video games, date girls… poor little Rickless bastards.
Council Rick 1: Earth Rick C-137, the council apologises for its false accusation. And in the way of reparations for our terrible mistake, we would like to compensate you with this voucher for a free replacement Morty, in the event that  your current  Morty should-
Rick: Uh, guys? Not a good time. Come on, Morty, let’s hit it.
Morty: Is it time for arcs yet, Rick? I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device. Saved your ass.
Rick: Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off.
Morty: Man, I can’t believe you, Rick! That right there! Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity. You know? To connect with me a little?
Rick: Hey Morty, you want connection? Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks. You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is. And you know, it would  go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty.
Morty: It would go without saying, huh?
Rick: Yeah, it would. Did you hear me say it?
Morty: Nah…  The Mortyest Morty…
Rick: Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown. A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems. Could be a real bad thing for everybody.
Morty: Oh yeah, how’s that?
Rick: I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older.
Rick 1: What a mess…
Rick 2: Pride cometh before the fall. I guess he got what he deserved.
Rick 1: What is that?
Rick 2: Hand me the laser defibrillator.
Doofus Rick: Hey guys! Uh, c-can I help?
Rick 2: No! Go clean the toilets! Maybe you’ll make friends with some turds!
Rick 1: You make us ashamed to be ourselves!
Rick 1: My god! I’ve seen this technology before! This Rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else. This is the receiver!
Rick 2: Yeah, but where’s the transmitter?
Rick: Wubbalubbadubdub! Oh. Hey Jerry. Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy?
Jerry: Nothing! I was just, um, checking the smoke detectors.
Rick: Alright. Okay, get out.
Rick: What’s that dipshit doing out there? Are you friends with him? You know he eats his own shit, right? Oh my god, this is rich! I’ve got like  ten Ricks to call right now!