Alien woman: It’s the crowmad!
Owl 1: Give it a second. Maybe he’s taking it out to surrender.
Short alien man: He’s anti-heroic, run!
Owl 2: I don’t understand.
Owl 3: He’s only one man!
Rick: With the power of a thousand crows!
Owl 3: Good luck.
Owl 2: Crows and owls have always been at war, but why do you care? What’s the point?
Rick: Here’s two.
Morty: Haha, yeah, cool.
Rick: Morty?
Morty: H-hey man. G-good to see you. Y-you’re like, looking like, into crows. Still.
Rick: Oh, uh, two crows, you remember Morty. Morty, two crows. It’s good to see you, but give me more of a heads-up.
Morty: Oh well I-I was just in the neighborhood, i-it wasn’t like—
Rick: It’s just that the battle for crows is kinda never-ending.
Morty: Huh. Right. A little pointless then, right? That… came out wrong. S-sounded judgey.
Crow-horse: Crow-horse. Crow-horse. Crow-horse.
Two crows: Caw, caw, caw.
Morty: Okay. It looks like— it looks like they’re leading you to a thing.
Rick: Take care, Morty.
Morty: You-you too. U-uh I’m doing good, by the way. Oh, my dad was gonna eat that yogurt you left in the fridge, but I-I told him—
Rick: Ahem. I’m lookin’ for Crowscare. The scarecrow. The evil scarecrow. Come on, whoever gives him up first lives.
Rick: Fine, I can kill an extra asshole. Helps me get my steps in.
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Morty?
Pussifer: Wood?!
Pussifer: Gahhh!
Rick: Uh, Morty. Why are you now like forty?
Morty: Th-that’s how long it’s been, Rick.
Rick: Oh. Um, I guess we can have a drink together then.
Morty: Do you have a rum and coke?
Waiter: What are you, twenty?
Morty: Oh-ho-ho. Bless your heart.
Rick: Time be going by, don’t she?
Morty: That’s your reaction to finding out you wasted your entire life?
Rick: I feel okay.
Morty: Well-well, what about me?
Rick: Woah. Excuse us boys, you don’t wanna be here for this.
Two crows: Caw.
Morty: I thought if I gave you enough space, you’d outgrow this phase.
Waiter: Here’s your drink, poser.
Morty: Dad got sick, you know. Stage four. Heh, you woulda loved it. Summer’s a nurse. Well, pretty much a nurse. Sh-she married a junkie. Rick, come home. While we still got a little time.
Rick: Morty, what we had wasn’t healthy.
Morty: And this is? Y-y-you had a thousand adventures with these crows. When are you gonna kill their Big Bad?
Rick: First off, the will-they kill-they is everything to my guys. And second, fuck you for trying to undermine my happiness.
Morty: This may be the last time you lay eyes on me!
Rick: I hope that’s not true, Morty. Because you look like sh-urrp-shit, and this is not how I wanna remember you.
Crowscare: Now that I have his two crows, nothing will stop me from eliminating Crow Rick!
Two crows: Caw, caw, caw.
Crowscare: Don’t defend him to me, I don’t even get what you see in him.
Two crows: Caw, caw.
Crowscare: You’re right, we should be enjoying the time we have together.
Crowscare: Crow Rick!
Two crows: Caw.
Crowscare: Oh, I know what this must look like but—
Rick: Looks like my arch-nemesis Crowscare and my sidekicks planning adventures together.
Crowscare: You are hardly the victim here. I was adventuring with these two crows before you ever came along.
Two crows: Caw, caw, caw.
Rick: What do you mean, ‘using me as a rebound’?
Two crows: Caw.
Rick: You feel like I was using you as a rebound too? Well shit, this lost all meaning. Guess it could’ve been worse. At least ‘adventuring’ was just a metaphor for romantic partnership so it’s not a real breakup.
Crowscare: Speak for yourself. We immensely enjoy each other’s bodies.
Rick: What?! Eugh, no!
Crowscare: Sounds like the man’s asking for proof! Let’s show him, fellas!
Two crows: Caw, caw, caw.
Crowscare: Ah, aah.
Rick: I-I asked for zero proof! Zero proof!
Rick: I’m giving you free will. Yah!
Crow-horse: Submit to Crow-horse!
Rick: Whoops.
Morty: R-rick?
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! I’m back, pal!
Jerry: Morty, who’s at the door?
Rick: Wait a minute, I thought you died gruesomely. W-what the hell’s going on here?
Morty: See, um th-the thing is, uh—
Beth: Can you please make Morty fourteen again, dad? This is ridiculous.
Morty: Okay, look, I-I may have used an aging serum to kind of emotionally blackmail you a little.
Rick: I kinda figured and I totally get it, Morty. I-I’m done with the two crows, like they were super clingy and I’m ready to make this work.
Morty: Let’s just hit the reset button.
Beth: Well no, honey, not a reset, okay? Tell your grandpa that you’re worthy of his respect and you wanna be treated differently from now on.
Morty: I refuse to do that, I’m desperate to get back together.
Jerry: Just like his old man.
Rick: Don’t worry honey, that’s just Morty’s middle age talking. He’ll be less codependent once we get more of his life in front of him again.
Summer: Uh, I’d like him to stay forty so he can keep buying my friends molly. I’d rather throw my vote away than use it to support a flawed system.
Morty: Can we make our first adventure fixing this? I-I keep thinking about lawn care.
Rick: Okay buddy, who sold you this shitty aging serum? What did he look like?
Morty: Just like you. I-I got it from the Citadel.
Rick: Hot damn! Hitting the ground running with a Citadel episode. See you later, masturbators.
Andy: Hi! I’m the Citadel’s new mascot, Andy! Because this place wouldn’t be home without Ricks aaand-ey Mortys!
Morty: Dumb.
Rick: Oof, what happened to this place?
Morty: There’s a Morty president now.
Rick: Ah, that’s cute. They rebuilt, and made it nicer.
Morty: They made it Glendale.
Rick: Goddamn you are cantankerous.
Morty: Even pooping hurts now.
Rick: Yeah, well, this place is gonna fix you right up.
Employee Morty: Okay, so… we’ve got a standard Morty that’s been aged to forty.
Rick: Can you reverse it?
Employee Morty: Well if you look at it like a bone, what we can do is break his age in two places, remove the middle and graft its ends back together.
Morty: Th-th-that sounds really violent.
Rick: It’s not a literal bone, Morty.
Morty: Oh, Okay.
Employee Morty: Brace yourself, the process does also break every bone in your body.
Morty: Wait, ahhhh! Ooh, ow!
Toddler Morty 1: I like crayons.
Toddler Morty 2: Girls are gross.
Morty: I-I-I think I feel like myself again.
Rick: Eh, you look a little weird. Your skin’s all pink like a baby mouse. Is that normal?
Employee Morty: Probably. Uh, sign here for storage or disposal of the twenty-six years we removed.
Rick: Wait, what? I ain’t payin’ to store twenty-six years.
Employee Morty: Well, then you’re taking it with you.
Twenty-Six Year Old Morty: I’m almost ready to sell out.
Rick: Alright, what’s disposal cost?
Twenty-Six Year Old Morty: S-something unfair’s happening!
Deformed Morty: There’s no escape! No escape!
Twenty-Six Year Old Morty: Let me help you, this is not a good look!
Rick: Oh boy.
Morty: Hey, they shot me!
Police Morty: You are seriously hurting the Citadel experience!
Deformed Morty: Listen to me!
Police Morty: Drop the gun!
Deformed Morty: Death is coming for us all, and the Citadel is a weapon of mass destruc—
Rick: Woof. You’re about to get suspended with pay. Come on, Morty. Let’s get out of here before this gets political.
Twenty-Six Year Old Morty: U-uh. Was I influential?
Morty: Yeah, y-you were influential. You had like seven— seven blogs.
Twenty-Six Year Old Morty: Tight. Uh.
Rick: Ugh. Too late.
Secret Service Rick: C-137. President Morty requests you join him for dinner.
Morty: Woah! S-seriously?
Rick: You know I destroyed this place?
Secret Service Rick: You’ve been pardoned for that, sir.
Morty: Rick, let’s have dinner with the Morty president.
Rick: Morty, the idea was to get back to simple adventures. The Citadel runs on canon.
Morty: Okay. I guess things really are going right back to how they were.
Rick: Fine, I could eat. But the second he reveals he’s evil, we’re gone.
Morty: I don’t know. Tastes pretty good.
Rick: Okay, let me know if you start feeling poisony. Good to have you back, buddy.
President Morty: Sorry I’m late. Never really ends around here.
Rick: Look at this Morty. They really did make a you the president.
President Morty: And I hate ‘em every day for it. But wow, Rick C-137. Now that’s a guy to move your schedule around for. Not-not here to blow the place up again, I hope. Ha ha.
Rick: Ha. Not unless you try to keep me here.
President Morty: Geez, wouldn’t dream of it. But it’s amazing you dropped by because I was eventually gonna hunt you down.
Rick: There’s the reveal. Let’s dance.
President Morty: Ha, geez.
Morty: Come on, man. The guy got elected president. By Ricks and Mortys. He’s being really nice.
Rick: All politicians are nice.
President Morty: He’s a hot bag of peanuts, isn’t he?
Morty: We’ve been through a lot, a-and he does not like—
Rick: Serialized drama.
President Morty: Right, no drama. Keep it episodic. Ricks never look back. Waste of a legend in his case. You know, he practically built this place.
Morty: Wait, what?
Rick: And now you're running it squeaky clean, right? That’s why you got deformed Mortys comin’ up through the sewer lines talking about ‘hope’ and ‘change’.
President Morty: Fair enough.
Morty: Good clap-back, Rick. What’s the deal with that, Mr. P?
President Morty: I got a little project going on, acquired some hands-on labor. It would require less if you were willing to tell me how one might bring down the Central Finite Curve.
Rick: Alright, time to go Morty.
Morty: I wanna know what he’s talking about.
President Morty: Yeah, you’ve come all this way. Can you give me ten more seconds?
Rick: Literally ten? Because now it would be six.
President Morty: Oh, I’m fine with that. Make it two… one. Like I said, would’ve been a big help for you to tell me, but I should have everything I need from you now. Let me just make sure…
Rick: You can’t scan an entire brain over appetizers.
President Morty: Oh, most of yours got scanned a looong time ago.
President Morty: You probably don’t remember.
Rick Stan Lee: Check out season one, episode nine, Rickheads. Excel-uurp-cior!
Rick: Evil Rick.
Morty: We kicked his ass.
President Morty: Evil Rick. I love it. Smartest man in the universe, with an ego so big you could just grab it like a joystick.
President Morty: Looks complete. I was afraid I’d have to kill every Rick on the Citadel to get what I needed.
Morty: You asshole! I vouched for you! He only came here because I asked him to. I’m sorry, Rick.
Rick: That apology and a screwdriver in my hand would be worth one screwdriver.
President Morty: Pfft, you sell-out Mortys kill me. I’d hate you more than the Ricks you worship if there was any point. But you can’t help it; you were bred for it. Wanna see?
President Morty: You already know rogue Ricks used Mortys to hide themselves from the Citadel. But you might not know it worked so well that the Citadel became its own Morty market. And I’m sure you don’t know how far they’ve gone to help supply meet demand. Sure, Ricks could scour infinity for naturally-occurring grandsons, but why bother? So much work. Such an admission of need. There are infinite versions of our grandfather, Morty. He’s an infinite smear of one shitty old man, and he’s attached to us infinitely through his weakness and our forgiveness. This is why we’re with him. This is why we’re alive.
Morty: What the fuck?! Rick, say this isn’t true!
Rick: It isn’t the whole truth.
Morty: Liar!
President Morty: Liar.
Rick: It’s complicated!
Morty: I’m not busy!
Rick: Okay, Morty, remember when all I said I needed was your apology and a screwdriver in my hand? Well, I forgot I literally have a screwdriver in my hand. I mean, duh-doi, I’m basically Inspector Gadget.
President Morty: Uh oh.
President Morty: It’s okay, he’s free to go. He’s the Rickest Rick. We’ll never see him again.
Rick: Morty, when you came here for that serum did you refill this gun?
Morty: Yeah.
Morty: Holy shit!
Rick: I only know one man that ever hacked my Portal Gun, and it turned out it was evil you.
President Morty: Yay. He’s all caught up.
Rick: Wait! Hold it, hold it!
Morty: Wh-who’s that?
Rick: Time for Big Boy. Duck!
Morty: Does he like it?
Rick: He’s a metaphor for capitalism, Morty. What do you think?
Rick: Yoink!
President Morty: You can’t outrun your past, Rick.
President Morty: Tch, did you think my forcefield would be down the second time?
Rick: I was expressing disapproval of your dialogue!
President Morty: Ahaha. Disapprove all you want. Tonight, the quality of dialogue stops mattering. Tonight, I do that thing I wanna do, with the Curve thing.
Loudspeaker system: Nobody leave, everybody stay. Nobody leave, everybody stay. Nobody leave, everybody stay.
Rick D716: In uncertain times like these, I think it’s important for me to say: Eat shit, fuck you! The drug companies paid for me to say every word, I have millions of dollars, and I don’t care— oh god oh fuck no, oh—
'Rick D716-B: And I’d just like to say that prescription drugs are great and you should buy them now.
Morty: What’s happening, Rick?
Rick: He hacked the entire city’s portal supply. Come on, there still might be one way out of here. Out the bottom.
Morty: What do you think he needed from your brain?
Rick: I assume schematics for the Citadel’s Dimensional Drive. If he’s gonna use it to blow the Curve, we do not wanna be here.
Morty: What is the Central Finite Curve?
Rick: Q and A after our survival. Hopefully we can snag some untainted fluid at the source and get the fuck outta here.
Rick: Or not.
Rick: Wow. I thought my capitalism metaphor was on the nose.
Morty: So did you help build the Citadel? Did you just lie to me about everything?
Rick: Can’t you just sneak through the cave base? We turned a new leaf, Morty. We’re back to simple adventures.
Morty: It’s not a new leaf until you tell me everything.
Rick: Morty, we really don’t have time for this. The whole place is gonna blow.
Morty: No, I-I don’t trust you. I-I-I don’t wanna do this anymore if I’m not gonna get straight answers from you.
Rick: Goddammit. Here’s my fucking downloaded brain, Morty. You wanna jump the shark? You wanna know my stupid crybaby backstory? Knock yourself out.
Rick: No-not now!
Morty: Woah. Dead wife?
Rick: Yes. Now everyone can shut up about it.
Morty: Wow, Rick. I feel a lot better having seen all that.
President Morty: Of course that’s the case. In their minds, they’re the underdog.
President Morty: And that’s how they justify this.
Rick: Morty, I’m not responsible for every fucked up Rick out there.
President Morty: They literally all say that. They all have that excuse; it’s part of their system. None of them have to be responsible, they're all victims of themselves. ‘Oh, it’s so hard to be a genius. Couldn’t you just die?’
Morty: Well what are you doin’ about it?
President Morty: Jack shit. I’m leaving. Do you know what the Central Finite Curve is? They built a wall around infinity, separated all the infinite universes from all the infinite universes where he’s the smartest man in the universe. Every version of us has spent every version of all of our lives in one infinite crib, built around an infinite fucking baby.
President Morty: And I’m leaving it. That’s what makes me ‘evil’, being sick of him. If you’ve ever been sick of him, you’ve been evil too.
Morty: Rick, did you really leave the crows for me? Or did you come back because they dumped you?
President Morty: There you go, kid. Now you’re Evil Morty too. Sooner or later, we all are, on this side of the Curve.
Orange Afro Rick: Don’t worry, Morty. We still got a way out they never thought of. Operation Phoenix.
Orange Afro Morty: Doesn’t that still mean, like, death?
Orange Afro Rick: Sure, but the joke’s on them cuz we just found a backdoor to getting off this rock.
Female computer voice: Rerouted. Rerouted. Rerouted.
Female computer voice: Rerouted. Rerouted. Rerouted.
Morty: Oh my fucking god!
Rick: Come on Morty, we gotta go!
Morty: Woah!
President Morty: You can come if you want.
President Morty: Don’t blame me if you don’t.
Rick: Ugh. From where I sit, Morty, that’s the best deal on the table. I-I don’t have a real plan.
Rick: Thanks, pal. I-I’m glad you ignored my advice.
President Morty: It’s just as well. I lied. That second seat’s a toilet.
Morty: Oh, super dick move. But weirdly kind of cool to admit it.
Rick: Geez, you guys really are bred for forgiveness. Let’s go.
Rick: Say goodbye to the Citadel, fellas.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Woo-wee. Evil Morty. That was quite a scheme. Makes me wonder if there’s an evil me out there. But I guess, sometimes I look at my life, and I may not even need ‘im. Cuz, well, guess I made a pretty big mess of things myself. Ooo eee.
Mr. Poopybutthole: I never got my job at the university back. Remember that? Rick made me do karate. It was kinda funny, but I guess things went downhill from there.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Started isolating myself from Amy. Used to tell her everything I was feeling.
Mr. Poopybutthole: But then I guess I stopped.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Cuz I wanted her to love who she thought I was, not who I felt myself becoming.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Ever think about how horrified the people we love would be if they found out who we truly are? So we just dig ourselves deeper, into our lies every day , ultimately only hurting the people who were brave enough to love us.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Wish I didn’t do that.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Wish I was brave enough to love them back. I don’t know, maybe you should try it.
Mr. Poopybutthole: We don’t have as much time as we think. Ooo eee.
