Rick: Learning to fly this thing, Morty, it's gonna be really liberating. Y-Y-You’re gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me.
Morty: Cool.
Jerry: Oh, you still use ‘south’ in space?
Jerry: What are you talking about? We agreed a boy’s father should be present when he’s learning to drive.
Rick: Yep.
Morty: This is where we’re going?
Rick: Nope.  This is. You can park in a handicapped spot, Morty. Anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here.
Jerry: I’m travelling with my son and father-in-law. Uh, wait, are they coming?
Jerry-Sitter: Oh, they’ll be back soon.
Jerry: What?
Pajama Jerry: I don’t know how this works!
Underpants Jerry: Help me!
Jerry: What the hell?
Pajama Jerry: I know, right?
Jerry: I know, right?
Rick: You kidding? I wish I had this idea. Well… I did have this idea, but I wish I was the version of me that owned it. That guy’s rich.
Receptionist: Don’t forget to check the reason for your drop-off.
Rick: Hey Morty, hang onto this. That number’s your dad. If you lose it, we’re not gonna be able to get him back.
Rick: Okay, wait here.
Morty: I wanna come with.
Morty: What kinda business do you do in a garage? You know, this seems a little shady.
Rick: Right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? Y-You know what those guys do in th—in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls, and they dip ‘em in cocaine, and they wipe ‘em all over each other. You know, Grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn’t shady.
Krombopulos Michael: Hey, Rick! Haha! Here you go, three thousand Flurbos! D’you have the weapon?
Rick: Can… Can we please…? This is my grandson, Morty.
Krombopulos Michael: Well hi Morty! I’m Krombopulos Michael! I’m an assassin. I buy guns from your grandpa.
Rick: Y-Y-Y-You’re gonna give him your card?!
Krombopulos Michael: I have no code of ethics, I will kill anyone, anywhere! Children, animals, old people, doesn’t matter. I just love killin’!
Morty: …You sell weapons to killers for money?
Rick: Ugh… You’ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It’s more complicated out here! These are Flurbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these?
Morty: Uh, what?
Rick: An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz!
Rick: Aw, this place is the best. It’s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is.
Morty: You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?
Roy: Ah!
Roy’s mother: Roy, what’s wrong?
Roy: I…had a nightmare. I was with an old man… He put a helmet on me.
Teacher: I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future.  Now is the time in your life when anything is possible.
Announcer: Spiraling perfectly, it’s gonna be caught by Roy Parsons! Roy Parsons is at the 20!  Now he’s at the 10! Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket! Touchdown!
Roy’s wife: I just think it’s time to get realistic. Have you talked to my father about the carpet store? Roy?
Doctor: Had we caught it sooner… Well, hindsight is 20-20, Roy. What’s important is that we move quickly.
Roy: I’m not…ready to die…
Customer: Hey, thanks for the carpet, Roy.
Roy: Whoa. Sh-shit! Shit!
Morty: Whoa! What the hell?! Wha—Where am I?! What the hell?!
Rick: Fifty-five years. Not bad, Morty. You kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase.
Morty: I’m Morty… You’re Rick… Hey, you sold a gun to a guy that kills people!
Rick: Lookit this. You beat cancer and then you went back to work at the carpet store? Boo.
Morty: Don’t dodge the issue, Rick! Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger!
Morty: You could stop this killing from happening, Rick! You know, y-you did a bad thing selling that gun, but you could undo it if you wanted!
Rick: Uh-huh, yeah, that’s the difference between you and me, Morty. I never go back to the carpet store.
Jerry: Hi, I’m sorry, I think there was a misunderstanding. I’m an adult and would like to go home, please.
Jerry-Sitter: You’re doing great!
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco?  Marco?
Other Jerry: Come find me.
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? 
Jerry: You guys are enjoying this? Don’t you feel a little… patronized?
Pink-shirt Jerry: How so?
Daycare Beth: Jerry!
Other Jerry: Beeeth.
Jerry: Oh, come on, this is ridiculous!
Daycare Beth: I love you, Jerry!
Jerry: Aw… Beth…
Daycare Beth: Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director’s commentary on?
Jerrys: Oh! Yes! Definitely!
Daycare Beth: First one there gets to adjust the picture settings!
Other Jerry: Out of my way!
Another Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high!
Krombopulos Michael: Oh boy, here I go killin’ again!
Ship: You have arrived at Krombopulos Michael. Your destination is below.
Gromflomite:  Drop the gun!
Morty: You don’t understand! This guy was gonna kill someone!
Rick: What are you doing Morty?! This is a Galactic Federation outpost! Look, I don’t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but Grandpa and government don’t get along!
Fart: You saved my life!
Rick: What?
Morty: Huh?! Are you Krombopulos Michael’s target? W-Wwwwhat’s your name?
Fart: My kind has no use for names. I communicate through what you call “Jessica’s feet.” No, “telepathy.”
Rick: Oh, good job, Morty. Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart!
Fart: I like this name, ‘Fart.’ Morty, would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell? I am in great pain.
Rick: Morty, don’t do it.  Morty…  Morty, you idiot!
Morty: Oh crap, let’s get you outta here!
Rick: We can’t get him outta here. He’s gaseous. He’s not gonna make it through a portal, Morty.
Fart: Fart.
Morty: No! Jus-j-j-just get in the car!
Rick: Morty, come on, I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz. I don’t wanna deal with this!
Morty: Y-You’ve been clear on the fact that you don’t wanna help, so just go away!
Fart: More are coming.
Rick: Screw this. I’m out.
Morty: Oooh…! Come on, come on!
Gromflomite: Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire!
Gromflomite: Open fire!
Rick: Wait, did you fuck with my seat settings?
Fart: More are coming.
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Yeah, yeah. 
Gearhead: Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up.
Rick: That’s ‘cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian. Yeah, I said it. Some stereotypes are based in fact.
Gearhead: Actually, it’s because of years of neglect. You really need to respect your gears, Rick. To you, they’re just wheels with teeth, but in my culture, wars have been fought, entire—
Fart: You do understand I’m telepathic, right?
Rick: I’m being polite.
Morty: Rick, we’re taking him back where he belongs!
Rick: Yeah, where’s that? Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it?
Fart: I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call “get out of my head, Fart, I know you’re in here, la la la la—” No, in what you call the Promethean Nebula.
Rick: Oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump!
Morty: You know, you can leave any time you want, Rick.
Fart: Thank you, Morty. You are not like other carbon-based life forms. You put the value of all life above your own.
Morty: That’s how things should be. It’s how they could be.
Fart: I could not agree more.
Fart:  The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. / The ground can be space  / With feet marching toward a peaceful sky. / All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun. / Goodbye, moonmen / You say goodbye, moonmen. / Goodby—
Jerry: Here comes another funny…
Other Jerry: Hahaha! Oh, this place is great.
Jerry: I almost wish I could stay longer than one day.
Jerry: W-What do you mean?
Other Jerry: These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back.  …They live here now.
Jerry: Uuuum…
Gear Anchor: No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives  reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System.
Fart: I am no more valuable than life itself. However, I am able to alter the composition of atoms, like this.  That was oxygen. I added seventy-one protons to it.
Rick: Number One is me, asshole! You’re supposed to be my friend!
Gearhead: Friend? Do you even know my real name? It’s Revolio Clockberg Junior. I belong to an entire species of gear people. Calling me ‘Gearhead’ is like calling a Chinese person ‘Asia-face.’
Gearhead: No, not twigs!
Rick: Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room. Never betray me, and it’s time to go.
Gear Policeman #1: Nobody move!
Gear Policeman #2: Oh my god.
Gear Policeman #1: Are those…?
Rick: Hey Morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger? How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices?
Morty: I did the right thing, Rick!
Rick: Tell that to Gearhead’s gearsticles.
Morty: You did that!
Rick: Wrong! I’d be playin’ Roy right now. At a certain point, my hands are tied, Morty.
Bearded Jerry: Ante up.
Bearded Jerry: If you want to leave, you can just go out the front door.
Tank-top Jerry: You think we’re kept here against our will? That would be illegal.
Jerry: But… If you can leave, then why are you still here?
Jerry: I’m leaving.
Jerry-Sitter: Okay then, that was always allowed.
Rick: Morty, take the wheel!
Morty: Whoa, whoa!
Rick: Whoa!
Morty: Um, Rick!
Rick: Shit. Well, I guess this is it.
Fart: Morty, crack the window.
Fart: I wonder why Greg is always so critical of my girlfriend.
Officer: Well… He’d probably like to have me to himself, that’s how friends are.
Fart: Or does he want her to himself?
Fart: The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes.
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen. / You say, goodbye, moonmen.
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen…  Alright, let’s proceed.
Rick: Damn. Can’t blame that on the dog. …Talk about silent but deadly. I-I’ve seen some nerve gas but ga- th-this gas got some nerve! Haha, you know what I’m sayin’?
Rick: I’ll let you know, Morty. Gone with the wind, am I right? If you don’t like that one, Morty, an alt on that one could be, like…if I said Gasablanca! …Alright, I’m done.  Let’s get to the Promethean Nebula, so my grandson can finish savin’ a life!
Garblovian: Ga-ga blahg blahg?
Jerry: Um… Earth, please?
Jerry: Um… Is this… Do I pay?
Garblovian: Agah blahg-blah! 
Jerry: Sorry!
Garblovian: Agah blahg blahg?
Jerry: I don’t…
Jerry: What do you want?
Tank-top Jerry: Hey, are you the one that left?
Tank-top Jerry: I get it. It’s… uh… a hassle out there.
Paul: Oh-ho, not us!
Jerry: Uh… Who are you?
Jerry: …Geez…
Jerry: Oh. Uh, well, is there an Aux input?
Tank-top Jerry: I tried that, but there’s two different colors.
Various Jerrys: Uh… There’s two different colors.
Fart: The wormhole is seventy of what you call ‘meters’ what you call ‘north’ of what you call ‘here.’
Rick: Fine. Morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. I’m gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat Morty.  That’s my new word for ‘shit’ because of today’s events.
Fart: Here it is. This should take me back to my kind.
Morty: I’m gonna miss you, um, Fart. I’m really sorry your name became Fart.
Fart: I will be back soon, Morty.
Fart: After I return to the others with this location, we will be back for your cleansing.
Morty: Um… Cleansing…?
Fart: Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life. To us, you are what you would call a disease. Wherever we discover you, we cure it. You said yourself that life must be protected even through sacrifice.  You haven’t changed your mind about that. I can sense your thoughts. Morty.
Fart: Morty… Why… Why?
Morty: Goodbye.
Rick: So did you guys make out a little bit? Is he gonna send you a postcard?  Man, that guy hit the lottery when he crossed paths with you.
Rick: Too late, Morty. The hole’s opening.
Morty: No, no, Rick! You don’t understand!
Rick: Th-there’s a lot more where that came from too.
Other Rick: None, we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day, ain’t that right homie?
Other Morty: Darn right bro! Roy rules!
Other Rick: Haha!
Jerry: Mm, I missed you. Hey, Rick.
Rick: Glad you’re safe Jerry. What do you say we go home?
Jerry: I’d like that.
Rick: Uh, I’m not sure. Morty.
Other Rick: Uh, that’s a Blips and Chitz ticket.
Morty: What?!
Rick: Way to go, Morty. Eh, whatever.
Jerrys: Uh… W-wait, what?
Ricks: Alright, come on, Jerry.
Announcer: Are you tired of the same daily droll? Well, get on over to Blips and Chitz!  We got, uh… one game! We got a whole bunch of games here! Uh, we got chabos and flobos and you can shoot things! Get on over here and play the games! Use your Flurbos to get tickets! Roy 2 just got here! G-Get over here at Ch… Chips and Chitz!
Rick: It’s the coolest place in the world! Hahahaha, I g- I get to be in a commercial!