Jerry: The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
Beth: Jerry, get a job.
Rick: Uh, w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job.
Jerry: 
Courier Flap:  Delivery for Rick, Morty, Summer, Beth and Jerry.
Summer:  Gross, what is that thing?
Rick: It's a Courier Flap, it's like the Intergalactic version of UPS but less off-putting.  OH SHIEEET! It looks like an egg-vite from Birdperson! It must be time for his annual Oscar party. By the way, our TV signals take lightyears to reach his planet, nobody tell him that Braveheart wins.
Birdperson's Voice: Greetings, this is Birdperson.
Tammy's Voice: And Tammy!
Birdperson's Voice: Inviting you to Planet Squanch for our mate-melding ceremony.
Rick:  Ughhhh... 
Tammy's Voice:  If you're not a bird, that means we're getting married!
Summer: Oh my God! My friend Tammy's marrying Birdperson!
Jerry: What the hell is a 'Birdperson,'?
Morty: He's Rick's best friend.
Rick: Uhhhh, l-l-let's not get carried away, Morty.
Courier Flaps: Would you like to RSVP or send a gift?
Courier Flap: Affirmative. Returning to sender. 
Beth: No, hold on, stay... 'Courier Flaps.'
Courier Flap:  Staying.
Beth: Dad, you have a friend that's getting married... that's a big deal.
Rick: What do you know about friendship, Jerrrrrry?
Courier Flap: Confirm, shipping Jerry. 
Beth: Oh God, Jerry?! 
Summer and Morty: Dad?! 
Beth:  Where is it taking him?
Rick:  I assume Planet Squanch, 6000 lightyears across the galaxy.
Morty: Wh?-Wh- th-th-that's insane!
Rick: Yeah, I know. Now we have to go to the wedding.
Squanchy: Rick Sanchez, you psycho bag of Squanch!
Rick:  Hey, what's up, Squanchy?
Summer and Morty:  Heya Squanchy.
Squanchy: Morty, Summer! And you must be Beth.  Au squanché.
Beth:  Your language has 'squanch,' in it a lot. Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like the Smurf thing?
Rick: Beth, Squanchy culture is more... contextual than literal. You just say what's in your squanch and people understand.
Beth: Oh, okay... I squanch my family.
Squanchy: Uhh...
Beth: What? I do, I squanch my family.
Squanchy: Just stop saying it, gross.
Photography Cyborg: I am not staring at you. I am Cyborg photographer, just act natural. This is a candid shot, I don't require a camera so...  Sorry.  Hi, I am not staring at you.
Rick: But, BUT. Here's the thing, Birdperson is my best friend, and if he he loves Tammy, well then I love Tammy too.
Rick: To friendship, to love and to my greatest adventure yet, opening myself up to others!
Summer:
Morty: Cheers to that, motherfuckers!
Tammy: Thank you, Rick. That was beautiful. Cuz I look around this room, and I think "Uh Tammy, you're a high school senior from the Planet Earth and you're marrying a 40 year old Birdperson", like "Whaaat"?
Summer: Yeah Tammy!
Tammy: Then I think, you know in a lot of ways I'm not a high school senior from the planet Earth. In a lot ways what I really am, is a deep-cover agent for the Galactic Federation, and you guys are a group of wanted criminals, and this entire building is in a certain sense surrounded.
Morty: Huh?
Summer: What?
Rick: Oh shit.
Beth: I don't get the metaphor.
Jerry: I'll explain it to you later.
Tammy: Everyone here is under arrested for the crime against the Federation! 
Humanoid Quest: L'chaim!
Birdperson:  Tammy, what are you doing here?
Tammy:  Sit! Your bird ass, down!
Birdperson: Tammy?
Birdperson: Caaww! Caww...
Rick: Birdperson, NOOOOOOOO!!
Squanchy: RAAOOWWARR!!!  WHAT ABOUT A TASTE OF MY SQUANCH!!?? 
Rick: Come on, this way!
Squanchy: SQAUSH THIS!! 
Jerry: I'm just saying, we keep acting like there's only two options, but there's not. So, yes, if we went back to earth, as long as Rick was out there, they’d want to interrogate us. But, and this is purely hypothetical, what if we turned your father in to the government?
Beth: Jerry, so help me god, if you ever bring this up again, no more bacon.
Jerry: There already is no more bacon! This world sucks! Our life sucks! Why are we doing this for someone that would never do anything for anyone but himself?
Morty: That's not the point, Dad! We love Rick! F-For the most part.
Summer: Yeah, you don't love people in hopes of a reward, Dad. You love them unconditionally.
Beth: That's very good, kids. I'm proud of you.
Jerry: Okay, so let me get this straight. For the rest of your lives, no matter how much it hurts you, no matter how much it destroys our children's futures, we're gonna do whatever Rick wants, whenever he wants?
All but Jerry: Yes.
Jerry: WHY?!
Beth: Because I don't want him to leave again, you dumb asshole!
Rick: Hey, uh, I was gonna hop over to the Gloppydrop System, get some ice cream.
Morty: You... You want me to come with? I mean, don't you need my brainwaves for camouflage or something?
Rick: I'll be okay. Bye, Morty.
Morty: Rick? You're not leaving, right?
Rick: Yeah, I am. To get ice cream.
Morty: So you're coming back?
Rick: Morty, if you go to where there’s a bunch of ice cream and then you don’t come back, you haven’t actually gotten ice cream, you’ve just gone where ice cream is.
Morty: Rick, I can handle it if you go, but you'll break mom's heart, and I won't forgive you for that.
Rick: Where's the van, Morty?
Morty: It's over the horizon in the driveway.
Operator:  For English, press 2.  Connecting to agent.
Female Voice: Ongoing investigations.
Rick: Uh, hi. My name is Jerry Smith, I'm from Planet Earth. I know the whereabouts of Rick Sanchez, the wanted criminal.
Female Voice: Hold on!
Gribbles: This is Special Agent Gribbles. You have a tip about Rick Sanchez?
Rick: Yeah, he kidnapped me and my family, and he left us on Dwarf Terrace-9. He said he was gonna go to the Plim Plom Tavern. And listen.
Gribbles: Yes?
Rick: I'm doing what's right for the galaxy by calling you, so if we come back to Earth, can my family have a normal life?
Gribbles: We only want Sanchez, sir. Your family will be fine.
Rick: Nice, thank you. I'm Jerry Smith, and I love sucking big, sweaty boners and licking disgusting and furry testicle sacks.
Gribbles: Uh, okay.
Beth: He's not coming back, isn't he?
Morty: No.
Jerry: Hey look, cops!
Gromflomite officer: Good morning.
Prison Photography Cyborg: Sorry. I am not staring at you, I'm taking your mugshot. 
Zerillian prisoner: Hey, what are you in for?
Rick: Everything.