Beth: You two are hungry.
Rick: Big day.
Morty: We're gonna kill God.
Jerry: Come again?
Rick: Christian God is real, he's been asleep for thousands of years. We're gonna sneak up there and kill him.
Morty: Mob style.
Rick: Whack his ass.
Summer: Can I kill God?
Rick:  Fuck off, Summer.
Morty:  Pfft, as if!
Jerry: Beth, do you hear this?
Beth: Sweetie, don't get all worked up before your job interview.
Rick: Job interview?
Jerry: Yes, is that so hard to believe?
Rick: Actually, yeah. Something's off.
Beth: No!
Morty: Shit!
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: Hunt me, hunt me, somebody hunt me!
Rick: Don't hunt him to completion!
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: Hunt me! 
Rick: Oh. Shit. Everyone start packing, no time to explain.
Jerry: Rick?
Beth: Dad? What's wrong?
Rick: Someone just killed a decoy family.
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: I'm Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted!
Rick: Yes, and how interesting did you think that would stay?
Morty: You made clones of us?
Rick: Decoys, Morty. Very different.  Very different, sweetie.
Morty: Different h-ow! 
Beth: Yeah, dad. Different h-ow?
Rick: Lotta people out there want a piece of this, sweetie. I'm cool, and it makes them feel bad. So, y'know, after that trouble with Space Beth, I made passable copies of the family and placed them around the country as a buffer zone to protect–
Jerry: But why does he always want to be hunted?
Beth: Jerry–
Morty: It's not important right now, dad!
Jerry: Sure, guys. Rick can make secret decoys of the family and place them all around the country, but fuck me if I have questions about the starfish man in a target suit.
Summer: So thankful this is my Saturday.
Jerry: Why was he in that cryopod?
Rick: The cryopod is what confuses you? Jerry, can't you see we've moved on to higher stakes?
Jerry: Well, I don't see any stakes at all.
Rick: Ah, shit!
Jerry: Guess we'll just be saying "ciao bella" to our deposit, then!
Rick: Shut up and pack, Jerry. Squids just killed a decoy family.
Beth: Decoy family?
Morty: Is this why you wanted to get out of town?
Rick: You think I'd lie to you about why we're on vacation, Morty? I wouldn't lie to you.  Well, that's a lie. Huh.
Summer: So someone out there is trying to kill us?
Rick: Someone's always trying to kill us. That's what the decoys are for. They go on fun, self-contained terrestrial adventures, and– take bullets meant for us. Shit.
Jerry: Ahhh! No!
Rick: Ah, shit. Decoy family.
Morty: I think dad was still outside. What's a decoy family?
Rick: Hard concept, Morty. Hard concept. I've never really cracked it, if I'm being honest. Decided it was maybe better as a kind of kinetic mislead for another special episode!
Morty: Oh, cool!
TV: We now return to When Wolf.
Rick: Woah, a time traveling wolf? Count me in.
Morty: Yeah, I never thought of the "were" in "werewolf" like "who, what, when and where!" Clever wordplay!
Dracula: When Wolf!
When Wolf: Dracula! You know why I'm here.
Dracula: I'm safe here, Ian! Christianity hasn't been invented yet, crosses are just baby t's to me now! I got out. Please, don't invite me back in.
Morty: Huh, kinda mucked it up with this Dracula stuff.
Rick: You're right. It shows a lack of faith in their core concept. I'd much rather watch When Wolf go to the 20's and invest in the stock market, but then eat people.
Morty: Yeah.
Rick: Look, if you really want to know what happened to Beth's mom, it– whoop. Squid aliens just killed a decoy family.
Beth: Decoy family? You made more clones?
Rick: Clones are, like, thirty-two percent of all sci-fi, sweetie. You don't get to own clones. Yes, I made some decoys. They're exactly like us, with a few tweaks and a backdoor shutdown.
Beth: Do you just get hard creating sentient life?
Rick: Actually, I get hard protecting my family!
Summer: Ew.
Morty: Ugh, gross!
Beth: Yeah, now everyone gets killer doppelgängers. Cool deal.
Rick: The decoys are harmless, Beth.
Summer: Grandpa Rick, do the decoys know they're decoys?
Rick: They wouldn't be very good decoys if they did, Sum-sum.
Summer: So they think they're us?
Rick: That's the deal.
Summer: How do you know we're not decoys?  Oh my god, we're decoys.
Rick: Oh, god! We might not be real! We might be decoys! Morty, quick!
Morty: What do I do?
Rick: My failsafe, Morty. My final, secret failsafe. It proves I'm real, you have to help me, I'd never joke about this.  There's a barcode, Morty. A barcode on the interior of my left ass cheek.
Morty: What?
Rick: Morty, please, I'm begging you!
Morty: I'm not looking at your ass!
Rick: Please, Morty, is it there? God damn it!  Just tell me if I'm real!
Summer: Morty, do it!
Morty: Gross!
Beth: Dad!
Rick: Summer, you fucking idiot. We're not decoys.
Morty: Why did I get punished?
Rick: A, decoys don't build decoys, and B, you think the mere suggestion I'm fake would break me? Christ, I'm not your mom.
Beth: Fuck off.
Rick: Jeez, these guys really wanna kill me bad. Alright, here's the plan. We're gonna hide out with a decoy family, and when these squids show up, we jump their asses. Jerry! Come on! Family emergency!
Jerry: A bigger emergency than my lemon squares not setting? They're gluten free, sugar free, and lemon free!
Decoy Rick: Think you got the wrong house, bro.
Rick: Analysis mode, password 8-0-0-8-5.
Beth: Kind of expected a funnier password.
Rick: I didn't plan on showing them off.
Morty:  Damn, like Westworld!
Rick: Yes, Morty, like Westworld. But don't fuck them.  Summer!
Summer: Whatever, creep. I'm gonna see how accurate you got my room.
Morty: Rick, when you say you made an exact replica of the house, did you mean like, you know, an exact replica?
Rick: I know about the Yosemite t-shirt, Morty.
Morty: Shit.
Rick: You know you can use tissues, right?
Morty: I can't finish without it.
Beth: So you do know what a happy family looks like.
Rick: I know what a fake one looks like.
Morty: Uh, Rick?
Rick:  What?
Morty: Did you use this house to make decoys, too?
Rick:  What? Morty, why the fuck would I do that? You think I'd go somewhere else to–  okay, well, I am now less worried about the squids.  Isolate head at normal processing.  What the fuck do you think you're doing down there? You're making decoys?
Decoy Rick: Wait, how do you—oh god, Summer was right.
Rick: Everyone in the car.
Beth: You said decoys didn't make decoys.
Rick: And usually, they don't, but again, it's nothing to worry about, because decoys are harmless.  Just have to, y'know, visit the rest and terminate the program.
Beth: Terminate? They're alive, dad!
Rick: And at some point, they won't be. That's how existing works. What, are you going to save every stray cat?
Beth: No, but I can resist making more of them in a lab.
Rick: Ugh. Look, save the empathy. It's more termite infestation than Blade Runner.
Summer: I still think we're decoys.
Morty: You just want an excuse to stop trying.
Summer: Yeah, and?
Jerry:  Oooh, there's a handsome fellow!
Rick: Uh-oh.
Beth: I thought you made them harmless.
Rick: I don't remember making this one. 
Decoy Jerry: Oh, hi, Rick! Family...me...? Hey, when did you all leave?
Rick: Analysis mode, 8-0-0-8-5.
Decoy Jerry: Hmm?
Rick: Nothing, buddy. You gotta stop with all that coffee, it's making you loopy! Happy analysis mode! 
Decoy Jerry: Happy analysis mode to you, too!
Decoy Rick: Think you got the wrong house, bro.
Rick: Analysis mode, password 8-0-0–
Decoy Rick: Shit, you think I'm a decoy?
Rick: How do you know about the decoys?
Decoy Rick: They were my idea!
Decoy Jerry:  Well, now I know you're pranking me.
Second Rick: Analysis mode, password 8 equals sign equals sign capital "d".
Rick: Hide.
Morty: What?
Rick: Hide!
Second Morty: Wow, like Ex Machina!
Second Rick: Yes, Morty, like Ex Machina. But don't fuck them. Summer!
Second Summer: Whatever, weirdo. I'm gonna see how wrong you got my room.
Second Beth: So you do know what a loving family looks like.
Second Rick: A simulated one, yes.
Beth: Why are we hiding?
Rick: He thinks he's me, and I was about to start terminating decoys.
Beth: But we're not decoys!
Rick: Sure, tell him that.
Second Morty: Rick, did you make decoys here, too?
Second Rick: Morty, for what reason could I have for...what the– isolate head at normal processing!  You dumb asshole, you made decoys?
Decoy Rick: Again, they were my idea. Wait, what happened to the other guy?
Second Rick: Other guy?
Decoy Rick: Wait, that means I'm a decoy. Fucking Summer.
Second Rick: Check the closets.
Second Rick: They've gone rogue!
Rick: Killer decoys!
Second Rick: Take out the decoys!
Decoy Rick: Shit! Someone put a gun in my teeth!
Second Beth: Stop shooting, dad! They're us, we don't have to fight them!
Second Rick: Classic prisoner's dilemma, Beth. I'm a cool guy, I, you know, I can talk it out. But that asshole–
Rick: Me? You decoy piece of shit. You're the one that shot first!
Beth: We can work this out, just stop trying to kill each other!
Second Rick: Sorry, decoy Beth, but this only ends one way, with one of us accepting we're a decoy.
Rick: And once he knows he's a decoy, he know he won't be safe until he's killed the real Rick, along with anyone who think he's him.
Second Rick: Pretty perceptive, for a decoy.
Rick: This is getting nowhere. Let's charge their asses on three.
Morty: Do we have to do this?
Rick: Morty, this is gonna sound bad, but...would you trust me not to kill you?
Summer: Oof.
Morty: I mean, good point, but Jesus Christ.
Second Rick: We rush them on three. Ready?
Second Morty: I don't want to kill us, Rick!
Second Rick: It's them or us, Morty. I don't trust me. Do you trust you?
Second Morty: Yes?
Second Rick: Freak.
Rick: Before you say anything, they were already killing each other.
Beth: Well, you could've done something.
Rick: Not sure, actually. I've heard stories about this. We're looking at a possible Asimov Cascade.
Jerry: Sorry, what's happening?
Summer: I need an explainer, too.
Morty: Yeah, I'm pretty much behind on this one.
Rick: Car, can I get a whiteboard?  When squids started killing decoys, decoys started checking their decoys and learning that they're making decoys. That's making them seek out and run into other decoys, making them realize they're decoys, making them start to kill other decoys.
Summer: Say decoy again.
Rick: Fuck you.
Beth: Well, how do we stop it?
Rick: Beth, the loop's already started. It's basically Highlander rules now.  Really? 1986? "There can be only one?" Shit, we gotta rent it after this. Connery plays "the spaniard" but does nothing about his accent.
Morty: Well, what about the squids? I mean, they started this, would killing them finish it?
Rick: Might work. Alt pitch, we just terminate the rest of the decoys.
Beth: Nobody's terminating anything. This is your mess, nobody else with our face and memories has to die.
Rick: Beth, as much as your passion warms my cold, cold heart, this thing feels pretty far gone. Not only are the decoys liable to be anywhere, but also, we don't know how many decoys there are. You get far enough down the decoy line and shit starts to get weird. You ever make a copy of a copy?
Beth: You're helping us fix this. We're taking out the squids.
Jerry: I say we split up! Some of us take down squids, while the rest of us–
Rick: Engage in B stories we'll have to track simultaneously? No thank you! We stick together till this is all wrapped up.
Summer: I dunno, the squids seem pretty good at taking out Smith families.
Rick: Well, this'll sound weird, but I think I have a pitch for that.
Summer: This costume smells like ass!
Rick: God, there's no pleasing you!
Morty: It's really bad, Rick.
Summer: Did you let a gym coach break it in?
Jerry: Why are we wearing these?
Rick: Because we'll fit in and avoid detection as we take out all the squids. Might also help us anonymously take out excess decoys, if we have to.
Beth: Which we won't.
Summer: Unless we're decoys. He's starting to wonder! I knew it. I knew we didn't seem like Colorado people.
Beth:  Oh my god! You are, aren't you? You're worried you might be fake!
Rick: Sure, Beth. Try to love this more.
Beth: Just glad you have to walk a mile in someone else's squid costumes.
Morty: There's one.  Hey, what're they mad at you for, anyway?
Rick: Well, we're talking about me. It could be anything. Maybe jealous of my penis size, I had sex with their queen, my dick's too big, the list goes on and on.
Rick: Alright, hey, one down! Probably, what, forty more to go? Forty-five? Should be pretty easy, unless killing them brings in a bigger bad or some kind of horrible mothership. Okay, let's loot their ship, find their weaknesses, be done by sundown.
Rick: Huh.
Morty: Wait, but if the squids are decoys and we dressed as squids...
Summer: Well, I found their weakness. They don't fucking listen to me!
Rick: Honestly, probably for the best.
Rick:  Man, I'm good.
Beth: Dad!
Rick: Oh, shit. One of mine.
Morty: Where are we going?
Rick: Off grid, Morty. We're gonna live in the woods, like libertarians. We'll hunt rabbits and trade with, like, little pieces of gold bar that we cut off with a knife.
Summer: That licks.
Rick: We might be decoys, Summer. Everything about this licks.
Beth: Oh, maybe now you'll empathize with the decoys you're killing!
Rick: Wait, shhh. It's too quiet.
Summer: You skipped quiet.
Rick: I didn't skip shit. It's obviously quiet if it's too quiet.
Summer: Yeah, but you're supposed to say–
Rick: You know what, Summer, now it's not quiet enough!
Morty: Where are we? Where's Rick?
Scarecrow Rick: He's right here, Morty!  Oh, are we not happy to see grandpa? Does he look...different?
Jerry:  Oh, god!
Morty:  Ugh, it stinks!
Scarecrow Rick: Yes, recoil at the craftsmanship. I could tell I was a fake from the day I was born. Unlike you. Unlike them.
Scarecrow Rick: You see, Ricks, they get lazy. There's always a shitty decoy towards the end. But those decoys made decoys too, and got lazy themselves. And far enough down the line...there be monsters.
Summer: Ugh, we get it, you're ugly and mad about it.
Jerry:  Rick!
Summer:  Grandpa!
Rick: Kill me... if I ever get this arch.
Scarecrow Rick: Hush, little decoy. Can't kill you yet. The skin needs to be fresh.
Beth: You know what? You're a monster.
Scarecrow Rick: I'm your father! At least, I can look more like him once I harvest all this yummy skin.
Rick: This guy's really into skin.
Scarecrow Rick: It's not all for me. A Rick provides for his family.
Scarecrow Beth: Will I beautiful again, daddy?
Scarecrow Rick: Soon, baby. Beautiful again soon.
Scarecrow Rick: What the–
Glockenspiel Rick: Help the others!
Beth: Why are you helping us?
Glockenspiel Rick: Because we're all in this together. Come on! There's a place we can go!
Glockenspiel Jerry: Hey, who needs all this war stuff? I found a can of varnish. This is a ticket to the world beyond the river!
Glockenspiel Summer: Who wants that? I crave glorious death in decoy battle!
Glockenspiel Morty: Also, y'know, depending on the varnish, might look like blackface.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Excuse me for wanting to live.
Glockenspiel Beth: Brothers and sisters, welcome to the cause. To our cause. We are no longer Ricks and Mortys, Beths and Jerrys, or also Summers.
Decoy Summer: Whatever.
Decoy Summer: Asshole!
Glockenspiel Beth: We are decoys. Brought into the world by an unloving god, and drive to destroy ourselves by the uncertainty he creates!
Decoy Rick: I don't know if that's accurate.
Decoy Rick: Sounds extreme.
Glockenspiel Beth: But that violence ends today!
Decoy Jerry: What about the squids?
Decoy Beth:  The squids are decoys!
Decoy Summer:  There were no squids!
Other Decoy Summer: The squids are decoys who realized they're decoys and wanted to kill the other decoys.
Other Decoy Jerry: Yeah, it is a lot.
Glockenspiel Beth: We cannot let confusion divide us!
Decoy Morty: Squids! Squids, of course, being shorthand for killer decoys!
Glockenspiel Rick: Inner sanctum, the escape tunnel!
Glockenspiel Jerry: I'm sorry, I didn't ask for this! I just wanna live! But there's only so much varnish! I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Beth: How long before the other decoys find us?
Rick: Sooner or later. Can't really run from it. Any place we'd think to hide is a place they'd think to look. It's Rule 34 of an Asimov Cascade.
Beth: I'm just glad we're living to the fullest with the time we have left.
Summer:  Well, peeing in the ocean was my bucket list item. Who's next?
Rick: Jerry? Bucket list?
Jerry: I'd like to attend a game at every major league ballpark.
Rick: Nope! Morty?
Morty: I wanna ask a girl out at my weird New Mexico school.
Rick: Shit. Sorry, buddy. Sounds like it would've been real heartwarming.
Morty: They looked happy. Did we have to kill them?
Beth: Well, maybe their Rick came to grips with his bullshit!
Rick: You're so mean today! I'm your dad, you like having me around!
Beth: You keep putting us in danger!
Rick: Whatever. This'll take forever, mind if I do something drastic?
Rick: House, I need something quick. Can you whip up a Star Fox boss season four callback? Make it flashy?
House: You got it, babe.
Rick:  Let's go, you little bitch.  It's showtime.  Get centered.
Rick: What up, you decoy motherfuckers? Come on down to Rick's house of squids, where I'm serving your ass on a platter!  I know what you're thinking: "Fuck, a beacon! That's a great idea! He's got home turf,  a tacit psychological advantage, and absolutely pendulous balls!"  And now you're thinking "shit, that's totally what the rick-est Rick would do! I might actually be fake!  I pretended I didn't care if I was, but I totally did! Now the only way to prove I'm real and not him is to ice his expository ass."  Yup. So let's do it. Come get some. What? No, Morty, I'm gonna loop it. Why is it–
Steve: Sir, there seems to be a confluence of Rick Sanchezes killing each other over the American Southwest.
The President: Sounds exhausting. How many of those states voted for me, anyway?
Steve: Mr. President, I think the point of the electoral collage is–
The President: To preserve slavery? That's right, Steve. I have the internet too. Now take your white ass to the kitchenette and bring me a Diet Coke.
Rick: Little out of character to say this right now, but you guys look really cool.
Morty: We might be decoys, huh.
Rick: One way to find out.
Second Rick: Looks like it's calming down. You wanna get in one more "I told you so" about synthetic life or whatever this week's theme is?
Second Beth: Oh, fuck you.
Second Rick:  Whoa.
Second Beth: No, you don't get to be annoyed with this! You treat life and family as so burdensome, and yet you created an ocean of us because you're terrified of losing either!
Second Rick: Shit.
Second Beth: Yeah.
Second Rick: Look, Beth, I might not be the real Rick. But even if I'm not, he made me, or the me that made me. Which means somewhere inside of him is a version of Rick capable of hearing that. A version of Rick who's sorry. I'm sorry about the clone thing, too. I love you.
Second Beth: Thanks, dad.I love you, too. You really think we're decoys?
Second Rick: Eh. Who cares? We'll be the last ones left. Lucky that one did the beacon, this was gonna take weeks.  Alright, let's mop up.
Second Beth: Finally.
Second Rick: Dressing as decoys too cute to murder. You know, I'm not sure it helped, but I'm glad we tried it.
Second Morty: We're losing the costumes?
Second Summer: Thank god, this decoy outfit smells like ass.
Second Rick: Fuck you, Summer.
Second Rick: Shit, that guy's awesome. Okay, listen, he might actually be the real Rick. But whatever happens–
Summer: Wait! We don't have to do this. We're both Summers. Shouldn't we at least try molly before we die?
Second Summer: You know what, yeah. Fuck this noise.
Second Summer: Wait, I don't know who to shoot.
Both Mortys: Summer!
Second Summer: I can't deal with this. I had to kill myself. You have too, to.
Both Mortys: Summer!
Rick: Fuck you, I'm real! I'm the smartest man in the universe!
Second Rick: Probably not even wrong. But that's just it. I'm not a man. I'm God!
Second Rick: You're just made in my image.
Rick: Fuck you.
Second Rick: You the, uh, Summer I came with?
Second Summer: Probably.
Second Rick: Good enough. Morty?
Morty: Yeah.
Beth: I'm here, too.
Second Rick: Holy shit, that was insane! I love you guys, I've totally changed!
Second Rick: Oh, fuck.
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: You shoulda hunted me.
Second Rick: What? Who—were you significant? Like, did we tee you up? You want to be hunted? God, I have so many questions. Why? What happens if– 
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: Somebody hunt me!
Rick: Pretty cool adventure, huh? Big, long road trip adventure through space? Even ran into Space Beth. Maybe that'll happen more often!
Space Beth: Let's not overdo it.
Rick: Oh, shit. Looks like someone killed the decoy family.
Beth:  Decoy family?
Space Beth:  Decoy what now?
Glockenspiel Jerry: Hello?
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh, oh my god! Oh my god!
Glockenspiel Jerry: No! No, no no, no no no no no!
Glockenspiel Jerry: Nooooo!
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh god. Yes, yes, sweet death.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Why am I still alive? Oh, god. Is there anything left? Hello?
Woodpecker: What is it?
Dolphin: A relic...from a kinder past.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Wait, cowboys?
Glockenspiel Jerry: Christianity again? After cowboys? You went all the way back around?!
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh god, why can't I die? This is the worst thing that's ever happened to anyone!