Rick: Alright, Morty. You ready for our adventure to the lost city of Atlantis?
Rick: Oh, for fuck’s sake.
Morty: They tried to murder him first.
Morty K-22: Oh geez. Well, you’ll be happy to know that... the Council’s gone now.
Morty: Yeah, he knows. He murdered them.
Rick K-22: You wanna rein in your Morty?
Rick: You don’t have to be a dick.
Rick K-22: I think you know that’s not true.
Morty: Geez. I didn’t know there were still Ricks and Mortys living on the Citadel. I wonder what their day-to-day lives are like.
Morty: Man. Glad I’m not one of them!
Rick : Citadel Morning News: News about the Citadel in the morning. Pretty self explanatory.
Rick D716-B: Good morning. I’m Rick D716-B.
Rick D716: And I’m Rick D716.
Rick D716-B: Must be nice.
Rick D716: Coming up! Gravity outages in East Sanchez Heights!
Rick D716-B: And, is your uranium-powered cellular matrix making you sick? The answer may not surprise you. It’s ‘yes, it’s uranium.’
Rick D716: Those stories and more after this break.
Narrator: Sixteen iterations off the central finite curve, there’s a Rick that works more with wood than polarity plating.
Narrator: His name is Simple Rick, but he’s no dummy.
Narrator: He realized long ago that the greatest thing he’d ever create was his daughter.
Young Beth: I love Daddy!
Narrator: We captured that moment and run it on a loop through Simple Rick’s mind.
Narrator: And the chemical that makes his brain secrete goes into every Simple Rick’s Simple Wafer Cookie.  Come home to the impossible flavor of your own completion. Come home to Simple Rick’s.
Rick D716: Just one day remains before our newly democratic Citadel elects its first president. It’s anyone’s race among the Rick candidates.
Rick D716-B: But a certain other candidate should be getting at least one vote for most adorable.
Rick D716 : That’s right, the Morty Party candidate’s still in the race, and you just gotta love him for that.
Rick D716 : Here you see him in his little Morty suit, waving. Isn’t that adorable? Little jackass.
Rick D716-B : Uh, yeah, I think we actually have the audio for his speech here. “Aw geez, aw man, I’m gonna lose the election and stuff.”
Campaign Manager Morty: We had a good run, sir, but I think it’s time to pull out of the race.
Candidate Morty: I feel pretty confident about tonight’s debate.
Campaign Manager Morty: You shouldn’t, sir. You should be terrified.
Candidate Morty: Maybe you should find a little faith, young man.
Campaign Manager Morty: You don’t pay me to have faith! And we’re the same age!
Cop Rick: Oh! S-sorry, I was expecting--
Cop Morty: A Rick partner? Lesson one, rookie: expect the unexpected. Now get in.
Morty: Mortys are human!
Cop Morty: Get the fuck off the car, you Rickless fuckin’ animal! 
Morty: WHOA!! 
Cop Morty: The election’s got these yellow shirts more riled up than a Picture Day Jessica.
Cop Rick: That’s pretty harsh, sir.
Cop Morty: So report me. Nobody gives a fuck.
Cop Rick: Look, I’m just saying. Makes me a little sad to hear a Morty cop calling Mortys “animals”.
Cop Morty: Well, it makes me sad to see another Rick cop buying into his sensitivity training.
Cop Rick: Well, I’m glad to know there’s more like me.
Cop Morty: Oh, there was one. Why do you think that seat was empty?
Cop Morty:  Unit 7 responding.
Teacher Rick:  "Good idea, Rick."
Students:  Good idea, Rick.
Teacher Rick: "This is a great adventure."
Students: This is a great adventure.
Teacher Rick: "I love being your new Morty."
Students: I love being your new Mor...
Slick:  Farty!
Teacher Rick: Very amusing, Mr. Smith. Almost as amusing as when your first Rick was decapitated on Zorpathion 9.  Or was that your third Rick? How many Ricks have you had?
Slick: Five…
Teacher Rick: I see. So you are top of the class in something.  Tomorrow you will be transferred to your new Ricks. Hopefully, they will be your last. Yes, Slow Ri-- Tall Morty?
Tall Morty: Di-Did I gragitate this time yet?
Teacher Rick: Anything’s possible, Tall Morty. Ugh…
Lizard Morty: Guess we won’t be seein’ each other after this, huh?
Slick: I say we make our last day count. I say… we go to the Wishing Portal.
Glasses Morty: That’s a myth.
Fat Morty: It’s not a myth! M-m-my first Rick’s fourth Morty knew a Rick whose Morty went there.
Lizard Morty: If we’re not here for graduation, our butts are gonna end up in Mortytown.
Slick: I thought your last Rick fused you with a lizard, not a chicken.
Lizard Morty: Okay, fine. I’m in.
Glasses Morty: Me too.
Fat Morty: What the hell?
Cop Morty: No Ricks, no families, high off their asses and runnin’ amok. Mortys are raised to be sidekicks. Without a side to kick, they just start kickin’.
Morty Mart Morty: They were, they were about my height, around fourteen years old… OH! Their shirts were yellow!
Cop Rick: Any mutations? Augmentations? Three eyes, a tail, maybe a buzzcut?
Morty Mart Morty: No, just four normal Mortys.
Cop Morty: Aw geez, hey, what’s goin’ on, fellas?
Morty 1: Aw geez, man, nothin’ man, we’re just hangin’ out and stuff.
Cop Morty: I hear that, ah geez, I guess I’m supposed to be figuring out who robbed the store across the street but aw geez I dunno.
Morty 1: Well, maybe the uniform makes a big difference. Who am I to say? To me, you just look like a sidekick.
Cop Morty: CALL ME A SIDEKICK ONE MORE TIME! CALL ME A SIDEKICK!!
Morty 2: Hey man! C’mon, aw geez!
Cop Morty: WANNA SEE HOW I PAINT A WALL?!
Morty 2: It was the Mortytown Locos, man! The Mortytown Locos!
Cop Rick: Do you realize how many codes you just violated?
Cop Morty: Aw geez, Rick. What do I know about knowin’ stuff? Get in the fucking car.
Retired General Rick: More lasers.
Moderator Rick: You can take more time to answer the question if you’d like.
Moderator Rick: ...Okay, Juggling Rick. How would you solve the Citadel’s financial crisis?
Campaign Manager Morty: Can we fact-check this, please? Never mind, who am I kidding? This race is over.
Candidate Morty: I don’t see a divide between Ricks and Mortys.
Candidate Morty: You guys finished?  The division I see is between the Ricks and Mortys that like the Citadel divided, and the rest of us. I see it everywhere I go.
Candidate Morty: I see it in our schools, where they teach Mortys we’re all the same because they’re threatened by what makes us unique.
Candidate Morty: I see it in our streets, where they give guns to Mortys so we’re too busy fighting each other to fight real injustice.
Candidate Morty: I see it in our factories, where Ricks work for a fraction of their boss’s salary, even though they’re identical and have the same IQ. The Citadel’s problem isn’t homeless Mortys or outraged Ricks.
Candidate Morty: The Citadel’s problem is the Ricks and Mortys feeding on the Citadel’s debt.
Rick J-22: Holy shit. 
Rick Worker: He's headed for the Flavor Core!
Candidate Morty: But I’ve got a message for them, from the Ricks and Mortys keeping it alive. A message… from the Ricks and Mortys that believe in this Citadel to the Ricks and Mortys that don’t: you are outnumbered!
Campaign Manager Morty: Holy shit.  I don’t believe it! I-I can’t believe it!
SWAT Team Rick: The media’s outside.
Negotiator Rick: Well, keep ‘em there!
Rick D716-C: Anyway, so yeah, the suspect says the Citadel is a lie, built on lies, and some other shit.  I say, appreciate the life you have, because it can always be worse. Back to you, Ricks.
Rick D716-B: Tell me about it.
Rick D716: Ahem. Meanwhile, in election news, an unexpected turn of events as Morty from the Morty Party soars to the top of the polls.
Candidate Morty: Yes?
Reporter Rick: Morty! What’s your original reality and where’s your Rick?
Candidate Morty: Gosh. We moved around so much it’s hard to remember. I see every Rick as my Rick.
Candidate Morty: I hope they see me as their Morty.
Campaign Manager Morty: I guess I shoulda had more faith.
Investigator Rick: It’s not faith you need. It’s fear.
Campaign Manager Morty: What’s this?
Rick Reporter : Taking on the system like this, are you afraid at all for your safety?
Candidate Morty : I’d rather live in hope than fear.  If I had to fear anything, I’d fear other people being afraid. Of fear. Itself.
Candidate Morty : But no, I’m not afraid.
Mortytown Loco: Hey Rick, man, when there’s a Morty president, you gonna lick my balls or what?
Bootleg Rick: Shit, grandson, you keep me peelin’ squap-squams and slippin’ nib-nibs I’ll lick whatever ain’t nailed down.
Cop Rick: Hands in the air!
Mortytown Loco: What the hell, man? What the hell in hell?
Cop Morty: You guys doin’ a little chemistry homework with Grandpa?
Cop Rick: Is this what I think it is?
Cop Morty: Bootleg portal fluid.
Cop Morty: Guess his math was off. Search the place.
Psychopath Morty: A-Are you… m-my new… Rick?
Cop Rick: It’s okay, Morty.
Cop Morty: Jesus!
Cop Rick: He stabbed me! He got me bad, Morty.
Cop Rick: Why is there a crib in here?
Cop Morty: Just somethin’ they do to make you feel bad.
Cop Rick: Boy, I got us knee-deep in paperwork, huh?
Cop Morty: Go to the car and grab a MediPack. Lemme worry about this.
Cop Rick: What happened?
Cop Morty: Same old story. Mortys killing Mortys.
Lizard Morty: Almost... got it... 
Farmer Rick: Hey, y'all get the hell away from my damn Megafruit! 
Fat Morty: I bet the Wishing Portal leads to a reality where there... where all... where it's a bunch of French toast with boobies.
Slick: Yeah, I bet it goes nowhere. I bet it's a big hole where the Citadel dumps all its broken dreams.
Fat Morty: Slick, why do ya have to be so dramatic? 
Fat Morty: I thought I was Left-Handed Morty.
Lizard Morty: Then you should use your left hand to eat more vegetables.
Plumber Rick: I'm a plumber, sir! I-I'm a Rick and I'm a plumber!
Candidate Morty: That doesn't sound like Rick work. You didn't come to the Citadel to be a plumber, did you?
Candidate Morty: This is just like a Morty baby!
Campaign Manager Morty: Yeah, I did. Assassinating you!
Builder Hat Morty: You look like you could use a good time! One dance for 10, two for 25!
Bearded Morty: Ha-ha, yeah! This is a good time!
Cop Rick: What is the place?
Cop Morty: "The Creepy Morty". What is it your kind's always saying? "Don't think about it." Come on. There's someone important I want you to meet.
Big Morty: Ah, Bubblah! How'd it go with the Mortytown Locos?
Cop Morty: They had a little accident. They won't be causing any trouble anymore.
Cop Rick: Morty...
Big Morty: Hey, what's goin' on here, Morty?
Big Morty: The cop, morons.
Cop Morty: Wh-why would you say something like that, Big Morty? You're fucking things up for both of us here!
Cop Morty: S-smartest man in the universe.
Cop Morty: Not so big now, are ya?
Cop Rick: That's enough!
Cop Morty: If we don't kill him, he'll talk!
Cop Morty: Oh, Grandpa Rick! I don't wanna be on the Citadel anymore! I want to be a regular kid! I want to go to school and throw balls around and masturbate!
Cop Rick 2: The hell happened in there?
Cop Rick: Same old story. Ricks killing Mortys.
Negotiator Rick: Okay, man, okay! We got your portal gun.
Simple Rick: Wh-where am I?
Rick J-22: A bad place, but you're going to a better one soon.
Rick J-22: A portal to the Blender Dimension?! That's the oldest trick in the book! I'm a Rick! I'm more Rick than any of you!!
Negotiator Rick: Then you should know you just killed your only leverage!
Rick J-22: Then come and get me, motherfuckers!!
SWAT Team Rick 2: He's a terrorist!
Rick J-22: Rick. And I'm--
Rick D. Sanchez III: Same age as me, I know. How long have worked here?
Rick J-22: Fifteen years.
Rick J-22: Where are we going?
Rick D. Sanchez III: To your new life, which starts with walking the fuck out of here.
Rick Worker: Yo, J-22! Give 'em hell!
Narrator: There's a Rick who held a factory hostage after murdering his boss and several co-workers. The factory made cookies, flavored him with lies.
Narrator: He made us all take a look at what we were doing, and at the bargain he got a taste of real freedom.
Slick: None of those things are gonna happen, y'know. Morty wishes never come true. Not on the Citadel.
Lizard Morty: Then why did you bring us here?
Slick: Because I wish that would change. I wish anything about this life would change.
Glasses Morty: Well, I hope you're putting something pretty goddamn important in there.
Glasses Morty: NOOOOOOOO!!!!
Lizard Morty: SLI-I-I-I-I-I-I-ICK!!!!
Glasses Morty: Maybe... Maybe he went somewhere nice.
Bodyguard Rick 2: Yeah, well, no Morty seems like a president.
Campaign Manager Morty: He... won?
Bodyguard Rick 2: We hardly call it a blowout, it was almost close enough to trigger a recount.
Bodyguard Rick 1: Jesus, what are you, joke security now, too?
Cop Rick: Why am I still here? I already confessed to everything.
Cop Rick: But... I violated at least a dozen departmental codes!
Glasses Morty: Did we miss graduation? Where are the new Ricks?
Teacher Rick: No graduation. No new Ricks. The school's curriculum is changing.
Glasses Morty: To what?
Rick D. Sanchez III: Sorry I'm late, Mr. President. Had a little crisis at work.
President Morty: Does he really speak for everyone here?
President Morty: Well, I think it's important to be clear. Raise your hand if he speaks for you.
President Morty: Good.
President Morty: This seems like a good time for a drink, and a cold, calculated speech with sinister overtones. A speech about politics, about order, brotherhood, power...
Rick: Whoa!! Hahaha, yeah! Atlantis, baby!
Rick: Got some of that mermaid puss!
Morty: I'm really hoping it wasn't a one-off thing and I can see her again. By the way, hey, um... still not curious about what might've happened at that crazy Citadel place?
