All:  Love. Connection. Experience.
Rick: Yeah Morty
All:  Come together. With love. connection, experience! 
Rick: It's my favourite song.
Morty: Hahahahaha, yeah.
Rick: Oh yeah, distress beacon!  Yeah baby!
Morty: You're excited about that?
Rick: The first rule of space travel kids, is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit!
Morty and Summer: Whoa!
Rick: One out of ten times its a deadly trap, but I'm ready to roll those dice!
Summer: Seems like something terrible happened here.
Rick: Yeah. Cha-ching. Oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship.
Morty: Uh, what's that?
Rick: This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks.
Summer: That's horrible!
Rick: I hear you man, cops are racist.
Rick: Oh, hey! You're alive! Thank God.
Female alien: Can you help us? Our planet was taken over by some kind of  entity! It absorbed the minds of our people!
Male alien 1: We didn't notice until it was too late. The people it takes over, they look like your friends, your family, your leaders, but they're not, themselves any more; They're part of It.
Rick: And how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you? Those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing.
Male alien with glasses: Hey! No, no- uurgh!
Rick: Called it.
All six aliens together: Hello Rick. Long time no see.
Rick: Unity!?
Morty: Rick?
Summer: Grandpa?
Rick: Oh boy. Uh, these are my grandkids, Summer and Morty. Summer, Morty, this is uh, Unity. We sort of used to, uh, date.
Rick: Quite an operation you got going here Une. You're a whole planet now huh?
Unity : After we broke up, I spend some time wandering through space,
Unity : then I found this world,
Unity : where I was better able to focus on my passion for unification.
Summer: You mean stealing peoples’ bodies?
Rick: Summer, rude. Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up.
Summer: Ugh.
Morty: Wait! Rick, aren't these people going to barf into our mouths and absorb us?
Unity : You're guests here on my planet, you're free to be yourselves; I've never been good at disappointing Rick.
Summer: Well now I'm going to barf. Come on Morty.
Beth: Jerry, what are you- what are you doing in here?
Jerry: I'm trying to find our weed whacker, ‘cause our weeds are wack, yo.
Beth: But you can't go in the garage when Rick's not here.
Jerry: I can't?
Beth: Well, he doesn't like it.
Jerry: What's he gonna do, crash rent-free at his other family's house?
Beth: What is that supposed to mean?
Jerry: Your dad gets to walk all over us because of your abandonment issues! He's playing you, shorty.
Beth: Oh, stop affecting that stupid hip-hop dialect!
Jerry: Stop shifting the crosshairs to my ironic urban patois just because your relationship with your father is toe-up from the flow-up.
Jerry: What the hell was that?
Beth:  I don't know, let's just leave!
Jerry: That is a hatch! Your father put a hatch in my garage!
Beth: You don't know it was him!  Anyway, we’re not supposed to be in here!
Jerry: Obviously, neither is whatever's gurgling down there.
Rick: World peace achieved. Nice! A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So what's next?
Unity : After I become a type-one civilisation, this world will be invited into the Galactic Federation.
Rick: Oh, goody.
Unity : From there I'll have access to countless planets and species.
Unity : One by one, I will unify them, I will become the universe, and I will be what the single-minded once called a god.
Rick:  I like that. Oh, that's pretty sexy. Hey listen, where can I get a drink around here?
Unity : Recreational substances were phased out here. There's no need for escape from the self when your world is one.
Rick: Unity, Unity, who am I talking to? I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker.
Unity : Rick, when we met I was a young hivemind with the population of a small town. People... change.
Unity : Especially when I change them. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but... I’ve grown.
Rick: Hey, listen, I’ve grown too. I have! See, I’ve- I’ve reconnected with my family, right?
Unity : Hm, why is that I wonder?
Rick: Maybe it's part of getting old. Maybe I just miss being with... a collective.
Unity : Yes Rick! Yes! Yes!
Rick: Oh yeah!
Unity : Yes! Yes!
Rick: Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider. And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father!
Morty: Look at ‘em go! So coordinated! What’s your problem? They’re making you into a Mount Rushmore! They made burgers!
Summer: Morty, open your eyes! There is no they! These poor people's’ bodies are being used! They're a planet of puppets!
Unity : I can hear you.
Summer: Ugh!
Morty: Well, seems like everybody here's cool with it. Except for all those redheads. They seem like they're in a hurry to be somewhere else.
Unity : Balloon, Summer? Balloon, Morty?
Summer: No, we don't want your dumb balloons. We’re bored. Take us back to Rick.
Unity : Now's... not a good time.
Rick: Oh yeah! I want youuuuuu!
Unity : Go son go! Go son go! Go son go!
Jerry: Oh! Real nice! Real nice! How does a man do this without me noticing?
Beth: Oh, you know my dad. Once he puts his mind to something...
Jerry: You're spinning this to his credit?
Jerry: I'm going down there.
Beth: Jerry!
Jerry: Beth, this is my house, which makes this my garage, my secret hatch, my hidden subterranean lair,  and my faceless gargler. Now, are you going to keep hating this playa, or are you gonna jack my steed?
Beth: Okay, you're just making stuff up now.
Rick: Oh my god. Oh my god. 
Unity : Oh Rick, it was so bad.
Rick: What's this ‘was’ stuff? I just need to hydrate and then we’re doing that again!
Unity : Oh damn.
Rick: Listen, if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out, but I'll- I'll be back to have sex with the survivors.
Unity : It's a neighboring hivemind species, Beta-7. Our planet's maintained a practical alliance for exchange of vital resources.  So be nice!
Beta-7: Unity.  Is it a... bad time? Are all... present lifeforms... assimilated?
Unity : Beta-7, this is my single-minded friend from Earth, Rick.
Beta-7: Rick... Sanchez. Unity has spoken of you.
Rick: All bad I hope. 
Rick: Whoa, Jesus Christ!
Unity : Beta-7, if my allies are a problem for you perhaps our alliance is as well.
Beta-7: Our alliance is beneficial. When Beta-7 expresses concern it- it's only ... be-because...
Rick: Oh snap! Powdered neutronium? Amphetetron? You know what I can make with this stuff?
Unity : Oh... Rick, I- I shouldn't...
Rick: Come on, it's not every day that I'm in town! It- it's for old time's sake.
Unity : Uh... Okay, what the hell! We can purify the resin and make fractal dust!
Rick: Oh, I was thinking velocitinis, but...
Unity: Aww, old man Rick can't party with the whole planet?
Rick: I can do whatever you do and more, baby.
Beta-7: Hrmm...
Rick: You know, I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical.
Jerry: Well, this explains the six thousand dollar electric bill.
Blim Blam: 
Jerry: Well. Nice. Real nice. Alien prisoners under the house. Real nice. Nice. Reeeal-
Beth: Goddamn it, stop.
Summer: Wake up people! You have to fight it! You're under the spell of an evil monster!
Unity : I can hear you.
Summer: Yeah! So you keep saying!
Morty: Summer!
Summer: Wake up! You have to have some individuality left in there!
Unity : Why do you hate me, Summer?
Summer: I'm not talking to you! I'm talking to...
Summer: ...Steven Phillips! Steven! Set yourself free!
Unity : Summer, before I took over this planet, this man was a registered sex offender.
Summer: ...Yeah, well so what? At least he was himself.
Unity : This woman was a drug addict on the verge of suicide. Now she's a marine biologist.
Morty: Listen Unity, I don't think my sister's trying to say that life would be perfect without you. I think she's just saying that life would be... you know, life.
Unity : I have transformed life here into a paradise. Prostitutes are now scientists. The homeless are now phisosophers.
Summer: Oh, phi- phisosophers?
Unity : Philophiluh... phiphophibup...
Summer: Oh my god. Where did you learn to talk you grandpa-stealing slut?
Unity : I'm feeling... urk!
Morty: Oh man! Let me help all of you guys up!
Unity : I'm fine!
Unity : Do you know what I love about you, Rick? You're the only single mind I’ve met who really sees the big picture.
Rick: You got that right. But... baby, listen. Y-you're talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta... you gotta just... remember to let go sometimes, you know.
Unity : I can let go! Hey, look! You see that town across the river? Watch this.
Rick: Whoa!
Unity : Ha ha! Woot!
Rick: Whoa! That's not what I meant!
Unity :  It's okay! It's okay, I evacuated! I evacuated the town, look!
Unity : Hey! Right here! We’re fine!
Rick:  Oh, that was awesome! My grandkids weren't in that town, right? A-are my grandkids alive? ... H-hey, my drink is empty.
Morty and Summer: Aah!
Summer: Unity, what's happening?
Steven Phillips: Who's Unity? You kids have nice feet. Mind if I take a picture?
Summer: Gross, no!
Morty: I think you're getting what you wanted, Summer. Something's happening to Unity.
Summer: Do... all of you remember who you are?
Ron Benson: ...Yeah. My name is Ron Benson. I'm... an electrical engineer. Father of two, and as you can see from my flat concentric nipple rings, I'm a member of this planet's top race! 
Summer: Okay, that's good! Uh... Don't focus too much on the last part, but...
Daryl Jefferson: I'm Daryll Jefferson. I'm a landscaper. And I'll be damned if that ripple-nipple bitch's race is superior!  The cone-nipple people will rule this world!
Ron Benson: You shut your mouth, you dirty knife-nipple bastards!
Daryl Jefferson: What'd you say to me, you target-chested piece of shit?
Alien man: Race war!
Summer: Why are you fighting? Can't you see you're all the same?
Morty: Ah, Summer. Ha ha. First race war, huh?
Morty: Way to go, Summer. You started a race war.
Summer: I didn't start it! They're the racists! I... I  merely empowered them to follow their apparently misguided dreams!
Morty: Okay, thanks for clarifying! Y- I'll have a super accurate headstone now!
Rioter: Hey wait, what race are you guys?
Morty: We’re neither! S-see?
Summer: Yeah, take my word for it. We just have regular nipples.
Rioter: Hey! These two freaks have no race!
Morty: Oh, there's no place like home! There's no place like home! Remember, Summer?
Summer: Oh...
Morty: From Dorothy and The Tiny People movie?
Summer: O-oh, yes, yes yes...
Morty: All the tiny people?
Summer: Dorothy, take us away! Take us away!
Unity : Hello Summer. Hello Morty.
Unity : It's okay! You're safe now.
Morty: U-Unity?
Unity : Yes.
Summer: Oh, Unity I am so sorry. I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks! I was thinking more of... a choose-your-own-cellphone-carrier thing.
Unity : Oh, Summer, you did nothing wrong! I'm having fun with your grandpa! Lost a little control. Probably shouldn't be piloting a hovercopter, nor should I be... running two hundred thousand pediatric hospitals and twelve million deep friers, but hey! It's not like this planet can take its business elsewhere!
Morty: Um... should we maybe stop somewhere and get you a coffee? Maybe splash a little water on your face, or...?
Unity : No, no, if I wanted to be sober, I wouldn't have gotten drunk! Wooohoooo!
Jerry: Oh man. I cannot wait. I cannot wait to hear Rick explain his way around this. He is gone!
Beth: Jerry, stop! Please, okay, we weren't even supposed to be down here. If we confront him about this-
Jerry: Oh my god! I love this! I love that this is how far you will go for him. You wanna go upstairs, and cut carrots, and watch a Lifetime original, above a fucking alien dungeon! Your relationship with your father is psychotic!
Beth: Oh listen to you relish the idea that my genius father is a bad person! Step out of your ego for a second and look at this thing! It's a monster! He might have it chained up so that it doesn't eat the planet!
Jerry: Right, because your father's such an altruist? I once saw him briefly forget the word for humans! He's probably harvesting this creature's organs!
Beth: He's probably racing to cure its space aids!
Jerry: He's going to eat it!
Beth: He's protecting it!
Blim Blam: 
Both: Shut up!
Summer: Unity! This place is a mess!
Unity : Oh, it's cool! The part of me that's the cleaning lady is coming on Friday.  Oh my god! I have a meeting at the galactic federation in an hour. Oh, I'll never make it! Ah, I'll push it to next week.
Morty: Unity, could you get Rick out here please?
Unity : He's... unavailable! He's-
Summer: Having sex with you, we get it! Gross. Get him out here now.
Unity : I don't think he wants to be-
Summer:  Grandpa Rick!
Morty:  Rick! Rick!
Summer:  I'm gonna tell mom and dad about the gagoo you have locked up under the garage!
Rick: What the hell... is your problem?
Summer: Grandpa, we need to go home! Now!
Rick: Fine, geez!
Rick: See ya!
Morty: Uh, Rick? I think we should all go.
Rick: Tend your garden, kids, I'm kinda doing a thing here.
Summer: Grandpa Rick, we’re not leaving without you!
Rick: Oh my god  you guys I get it. You're afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal  your grandpa away.
Summer: Actually, no. I think Unity's great and you're a horrible influence on it!
Rick: What?
Morty: This isn't healthy, Rick! Y- you know you-you're really up to no good around here. I-at-at this place,  you know?
Summer: You and Unity are like... like... leggings and mid-calf boots. You think you're great together but you're just bringing out the worst in each other!
Rick: Oh, gee, boy Summer, well put. Uh, why don't we see what Unity thinks. Unity?
Unity : I'm just taking a little break from stuff. You know? I need to relax.
Rick: Oh, hey, wh-what's this on the news, guys? L-l-let me turn it up.
Unity : In the news today, this looks a lot worse than it is. We’re... really just having a good time. Karen?
Unity : Thanks, Todd. Up next: Are you a concerned grandchild or just a buzzkill? We'll tell you how you can really know for sure!
Rick: I think you two are a little outnumbered.
Summer: Okay! Well, what if you did it for me? What if you came with us as a favour to us... because you love us?
Rick: What? Dumb. Bye.
Morty: But Rick, Summer's just-
Rick: Summer's just a hyper-emotional, needy little- what's the word I'm looking for here... uh- human! It runs in the family! I can tolerate it but I can't give a crap about it. Take a hike.
Summer: Take care of yourself, Unity.
Rick: I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?
Beth: You're the worst!
Jerry: No! You're the worst! You don't support this family!
Jerry: All you care about is yourself!
Beth: You think supporting the family is about supporting you emotionally...
Jerry: You've got two children being dragged across the cosmos...
Beth: ...but you're unsupportable! Because it's never enough, Jerry!
Jerry: ...by your dangerously ill father, and you force me to watch it happen!
Beth: It will never be enough support to satisfy you! And you don't even know what it's like...
Jerry: Because you'd rather lose them and lose me than lose him!
Beth: ...to be afraid of losing anything because you cling and you cling and you cling...
Jerry: And why? Because you're the child, Beth. You, not me, you!
Jerry: Aaah!
Beth: Oh my god!
Beth and Jerry: Aah!
Blim Blam: Um, first of all, hello. Uh, my name is Blim Blam the korblok. Second of all, cards on the table: I am a murderer that eats babies and I came to this planet to eat babies. However, I am also carrying a highly infectious disease, that I suppose you could call ‘space aids’ as you put it, and Rick did chain me up so that he could attempt to cure it. At the same time, Rick's motivation to cure my disease was not to save my life or anyone else's, but to patent and sell the cure for billions of blemflarks. But you know the reason why I ripped my chains out of the wall? And do you know why I'm never coming back to this planet? Because the two of you are the fucking worst! You both hate yourselves and each other! And the idea that it has anything to do with Rick is laughable! I'd laugh but I'm biologically incapable, that's how alien I am! And even I'm sitting here listening to the two of you, and being like, what the fuck?!? So! Good luck with your shitty marriage, and I'm sorry that Rick has to deal with either of you. Blim Blam, out!
Blim Blam: You know what? I'm taking this.
Blim Blam: How do you- what is this?
Blim Blam: Uh, is there a slow setting? Best door ever.
Rick: Aaah!  Okay, okay, now make him cry. But happy cry. Now make ‘em all make fun of the blonde one. Now make ‘em all do it on the table! I can’t believe you created a whole show for me. Now cancel it! Okay, now put it back on. Haha!  Alright, I’m bored.
Unity : Rick, is there a way for you to call Summer and Morty? I feel bad that they-
Rick: Pfft, screw those guys! Uugh, I'll be right back. Don't waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They're no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the centre of their lives because you're powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?
Unity : Never.
Rick: Never! Back in a flash.
Rick: Best weekend ever, Rick! I agree, Rick! Let's see how long we can go!
Rick: Hey Une! You got any more-
Unity : Rick, forgive me for doing this in notes. I'm not strong enough to do it in persons.
Unity : I realize now that I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you. You can't change. And I have no problem with that, but... it clearly means I have a problem with myself.
Unity : I'm sure there's no perfect version of me. I'm sure I'll just unify species after species and never really be complete.
Unity : But I know how it goes with us. I lose who I am and become part of you. Because in a strange way you're better at what I do without even trying. Yours, and nobody else's, Unity. P.S. I don't know where those coal miners were before they got assimilated. You might want to get checked.
Rick: Hey.
Beth: Dad...  I... um... Jerry and I were looking for our weed whacker, and found your subterranean lair... and your alien prisoner. And... he got away. And I know I sound like mom but I can't sacrifice this whole family's safety just because I'm afraid you'll leave again, so no more alien prisoners, and, no more subterranean excavation without consulting us.
Rick: Okay.
Beth: ...Okay? Y-y-y-y-Okay like you're gonna quietly teleport somewhere and never come back?
Rick: No. It's your house.
Summer: Grandpa Rick! What happened... with Unity?
Rick: Who? Oh. Unity. Yeah, well, I mean honestly we’re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. It's not cool. Fun's fun but who needs it? I'll be in the garage.
Rick: Unity! Unity! Unity!
Beta-7: How can I assist you?
Rick: I wanna talk to  Unity. Beta-7, I know it's in there!
Beta-7: You're classified as a hostile entity, and Unity doesn't want to talk to you.
Rick: I know your game, Beta-7, I’ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on!
Beta-7: You are classified as a hostile entity.
Rick: Well, you're just loving this, mother f- this isn't gonna shape out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hiveminds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here!
Beta-7: Weapons systems engaged.
Rick: Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems.
Morty: Ugh, Rick, you said we were going to a movie.
Rick: We are, Morty. Alright, Beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch!