TV: In local news, child murderer Joseph Eli Lipnip is scheduled to die tomorrow by lethal injection, his execution already drawing dozens more spectators than the death of TV news. Carla?
Carla: The man that once ate his own son...
Beth: Wow. He's really getting executed after all this time. You know the son that he ate was...
Summer: Your best friend Tommy. We know. Stop true-crime bragging.
Beth: I was traumatized, Summer. Okay, your generation wouldn't get that.
Summer: Bitch, my generation gets traumatized for breakfast.
Beth: It took years of therapy to even process the reality. I mean, when I was a kid I just told myself that tommy had gotten lost in the magical realm of Froopyland.
Summer: "Froopyland?"
Beth: My make-believe world. I know the name's stupid, but it was so real to me.
Rick: Aren't you guys supposed to be at your father's for custody weekend?
Morty: We're not in a hurry. Dad sleeps until sundown. Can we talk a little bit more, about this Froopy...
Summer: Not the bubble gun! There's no air...
Beth: I gotta say, I am warming up to the bubble gun.
Rick: You know, if you're so great at naming things, why don't you do it from now on
Beth: What?
Rick: Froopyland. Was it my best work? I don't know. Does it deserve to be shit on creatively? Yeah, that's right. I agree with your look of horrified realization. You can be very inconsiderate sometimes.
Rick: Here it is. You know, I collapsed a quantum tesseract to...
Beth: Dad, I don't care how you made it. I want to know if Tommy's still in there!
Rick:  Relax, Beth.  If he is, we'll find him. He'll be the only sun-bleached skeleton with non-imaginary DNA.
Act One
Beth: Tommy! Tommy! This is a nightmare. I can't believe you used to lock me up in this glorified chicken coop.
Rick: Chicken coop?  Those are procedurally generated clouds, Beth. That river is a rainbow. Literally. Come on, I-I-I put real elbow grease into this place.
Beth: Well, you're supposed to put elbow grease into your daughter!
Rick: Gross.
Beth: Do you think something ate him?
Rick: Nope. Froopyland creatures were designed to be harmless. He definitely just starved to death.
Beth: I could have been the one who starved to death in here. What if I'd gotten hurt?
Rick: God you're right. I'm a terrible dad. Well, nothing to live for. Goodbye cruel world! 
Beth: Dad!
Rick: Oh, how do you like that? What kind of merciless creature makes the ground bouncy? I'm gonna have to drown myself.
Beth: Unh!
Rick:  Oh, no. Oh, the water's breathable? Who went and did that?
Beth: Oh, whatever.
Rick:  Yeah, whatever. A dad makes a toilet look like R2-D2, and it breaks the front page of Reddit, but I'm Charles Manson because I gave you your own world instead of an iPad. I think the words you're looking for are... Aah!  Holy fuck! Shit! This thing has claws!
Beth: Yeah, I get it. It's a childproof world.
Rick: No, no, seriously, this hurts really bad! This thing is sinking its razor-sharp claws in...  Aah! Shit!
Beth: You've made your point, Dad.
Beth: Dad?
Summer: Whose idea was this stupid custody weekend thing?
Morty: I-I think it's supposed to help prevent abandonment issues.
Summer: I want to be abandoned.
Morty: Yeah, I'm talking about Dad.
Jerry: Bienvenue a la Chez Divorced Dad.
Summer: Wow, Dad. Your place looks way less like a crackhouse. 
Morty: It's actually clean, like a cocaine house. Dad, what's going on?
Jerry: I'm simply centered, activated...
Morty: And telekinetic?
Jerry: Pretty cool, huh? Check it out. Who wants a smoothie?
Jerry:  Oh... Oh, no. Uh, oh, God. Summer... Summer, can you... 
Summer: Aah!
Jerry: Sorry.
Kiara: You have much to learn, my Uloo.
Jerry: Morty, Summer, this is Kiara. She's a Krootabulan warrior priestess from Krootabulon.