Rick: Oh shit, I almost parked but Morty hold on wat-watch this.
Morty: Uh-huh.
Rick: Well I thought it was cool. So should be in and out, simple exchange, not even an adventure. And if anything goes wrong which it won't, jump into the same vat of acid I jump into.
Morty: Okay. W-wait what? Wha-what vat of acid?
Rick: What, Morty! Close the door.
Rick: I pre-scouted this location and placed a vat of fake acid amongst the real ones. It's got air horses and a compartment of bones at the bottom. If things go wrong, which they won't, we jump onto the vat of acid and I'll release the bones, they'll float up-
Rick: What is this face you're making?
Morty: Aren't you an inventor?
Rick: Yeah, what part of a fake acid vat with built-in air supply and quick release bones isn't inventive enough for you and when did my job become pitching you ideas?
Morty: Alright! Let's just do this. I have English homework.
Rick: You're still learning English? That's the language you speak. How dumb are you?
Lead Gangster: Intresting choice of meeting place, Rick.
Rick: You like it? My grandson had notes.
Morty: Come on.
Rick: Show him the crystals, Morty.
Lead Gangster: I'll make lots of money with these.
Rick: I'll make lots of those with these.
Lead Gangster: Well, those are fake.
Rick : Oh, Jesus fucking Christ. Come on.
Morty : You gotta be kidding me. Seriously?
Rick: You brought fake crystals and a gun?
Lead Gangster: Beats real crystals and no gun.
Rick: Okay, but does anything beat fake crystals and a fake arm?
Lead Gangster: Whoa, do you know who I am?! Even if you kill me, you're a dead man.
Rick: Are you serious? Morty, he's right we're screwed. Let's just end it, quik death come on.
Morty: Aw, man. Oh!
Morty: Ohhhhh!
The Dealer Group: Woah, Hey, Oh My God!
Lead Gangster: Holy Shit! What the Fuck?
Moustached Goon: Holy Shit.
Lead Gangster: What kind of psycho? His own grandson?
Moustached Goon: Guess he took your threat pretty serious.
Lead Gangster: Yeah, but it just doesn't make any sense.
Black Coat Goon: Well, he was a scientist. Maybe he knew more about acid, maybe it's like the most painlesss way to go.
Lead Gangster: How could that have been painless? You saw that pause before the bones floated up. That has to be like five seconds of unparalleled torture. I can't get my head around it. I, I thought I'd seen this galaxy at it's darkest. This is going to take a while to feel normal.
Mustached Goon: We're pretty good listeners boss, drinks are on us if you want to talk it out.
Lead Gangster: Thanks, but what happened, it happened here. I don't wanna lose the moment.
Black Coat Goon: Take your time, boss. We'll stay as long as you want.
Mustached Goon: Absulutely, I got nowhere to be.
Plot
Lead Gangster: And then, little Tommy Flim-flam's running down the Hyperloop. His ass is on fire from Xenon fluid, but his AI hologram is fucking his own Pee hole. 
Black Coat Goon: Great story boss.
Mustached Goon: Really detailed
Lead Gangster: Yeah, well I got a million of 'em. All right, I think I'm ready to deal with the world now. Let's geet out of here.
Mustached Goon: Should we drop our buddy in here before we go?
Lead Gangster: Yeah, probabbly a good idea.
Mustached Goon: Should we use a different vat? Does acid lose its acid power the more it dissolves?
Black Coat Goon: What am I, an Acidologist? Here grab that rat-like creature. We'll do a little test.
Lead Gangster: Look, if you the damn acid, don't use a rat. Take that ladle, grab a spoonful and put it in the analyzer.
Lead Gangster: I'd say that's pretty acidy, drop him in.
Lead Gangster: What are you doing?
Mustached Goon: You said-
Lead Gangster: Not the rat, the guy.
Mustached Goon: Ohhh!
Lead Gangster: Look at the size of the bones on that rat.
Mustached Goon: Oh, how many sets of bones this rat got?
Black Coat Goon: Look how the smaller ones are shaped, their like little cartoon bones. Like if you dreaw a bone in art class.
Lead Gangster: Alright that tears it, I'm cancelling of the rest of my night and calling a bone scientist. We're getting to the bottom of this-
Morty: Jesus Fucking Chist enough already!
Morty; Can we go?
Rick: The fuck is wrong with you?!
Morty: Just admit is was a shitty idea!
Rick: Having a grandson?!
Morty: The vat of fake acid, are you dying of dementia?!
Rick: How are you talking to me like this? Wh-whe-When did you get so cocky?
Morty: Tonight! Tonight Rick. The night I saw you fail.
Rick: Because you ruined it!
Morty: It was pre-ruined!
Rick: Oh was it worse than when I was a pickle? Oh-oh-oh, that's right, you weren't there for that, turns out kind of cool. Maybe there's a connection there
Morty: Excuse me?
Morty: God fuck you
Rick: Timely too, you really got in that "Game of Thrones" fever right at the peak
Morty: You trying as hard as you can to hurt me right now proves my point.
Rick: I'll let you know when you have a point and the world will know whe I try to hurt you.
Morty: Big man, big genius, big lonely drunk.
Rick: Hey save some of these atomic-age beatnik zingers for your English homework, Bukowski.
RIck: There's no such thing as a bad idea, Morty. It's about execution.
Morty: No such thing as a bad idea except all of mine, right?
Rick: Morty, wanting a dragon isn't an idea.
Morty: I'm not talking about that! I'm constantly pitching you ideas, Rick, and you act like they're not even worth thinking about.
Rick: What, the helicopter lawn chair? That's just something you saw on TV.
Morty: What about my video-game-style place-saving device?
Rick: Oh my God, here we go.
Morty: It's a good idea, Rick! A device that lets you-
Rick: Save your place like in a video game but in real life so that you can try stuff and then go back to your save point, yes Morty, I saw it on "Futurama."
Morty: Oh, so you don't do anything unless it's original?
Rick:I don't do time travel.
Morty: It's not time travel, it's saving a place in time-
Rick: Oh my God, is this what you think I do? This is where the heavylifting happens in your mind? Do you have any idea how much fucking work would have to go into a machine that-
Morty: Ah-ha! You can't do it.
Rick: I can do anything, Morty. Your idea is not worth doing.
Morty: You can't do it.
Rick: Before what you're trying to do was called "negging," it was called "reverse psychology" and incels didn't incent it, Bugs Bunny did.
Morty: You can't do it.
Rick: There is nothing I cannot do.
Morty: A place-saving video-game thing!
Rick: You're a piece of shit!
Morty: Just say you can't do it!
Rick: I won't
Morty: You won't say you can't?
Rick: Fuck you, Morty!
Morty: Fuck you!
Rick: Fuck you!
Morty: So are you gonna-
Rick: Yes, I'm gonna fucking do it!