Rick: Oh shit, I almost parked but Morty hold on wat-watch this.
[Rick presses just a button and the car auto parks in a slow and delicate manner]
Morty: Uh-huh.
Rick: Well I thought it was cool. So should be in and out, simple exchange, not even an adventure. And if anything goes wrong which it won't, jump into the same vat of acid I jump into.
[Rick gets out of the car with Morty about to leave]
Morty: Okay. W-wait what? Wha-what vat of acid?
Rick: What, Morty! Close the door.
[They both enter back and close the door]
Rick: I pre-scouted this location and placed a vat of fake acid amongst the real ones. It's got air horses and a compartment of bones at the bottom. If things go wrong, which they won't, we jump onto the vat of acid and I'll release the bones, they'll float up-
[Morty makes a unamused face]
Rick: What is this face you're making?
Morty: Aren't you an inventor?
Rick: Yeah, what part of a fake acid vat with built-in air supply and quick release bones isn't inventive enough for you and when did my job become pitching you ideas?
Morty: Alright! Let's just do this. I have English homework.
Rick: You're still learning English? That's the language you speak. How dumb are you?
[Transition: Inside the Factory (Bridge with many vats of acids under)]

[Morty grabs a suitcase from the car and they head onto the factory, where they meet with a quartet of intergalactic dealers]
Lead Gangster: Intresting choice of meeting place, Rick.
Rick: You like it? My grandson had notes.
Morty: Come on.
Rick: Show him the crystals, Morty.
[Morty opens the case, which contains 10 ruby-colored crystals, while the opposite group open their briefcase with 10 turquoise-colored crystals. After which the two groups switch suitcases]
Lead Gangster: I'll make lots of money with these.
Rick: I'll make lots of those with these.
Lead Gangster: Well, those are fake.
[The dealers holds them a gunpoint]
Rick (The same time with Morty): Oh, Jesus fucking Christ. Come on.
Morty ( The same time with Rick): You gotta be kidding me. Seriously?
Rick: You brought fake crystals and a gun?
Lead Gangster: Beats real crystals and no gun.
Rick: Okay, but does anything beat fake crystals and a fake arm?
[Rick's arm behind his coat shoots one of the dealer in the head, killing him.]

Lead Gangster: Whoa, do you know who I am?! Even if you kill me, you're a dead man.
Rick: Are you serious? Morty, he's right we're screwed. Let's just end it, quik death come on.
Morty: Aw, man. Oh!
[Rick grabs Morty and toss themselves in a vat of acid]
Morty: Ohhhhh!
The Dealer Group: Woah, Hey, Oh My God!
Lead Gangster: Holy Shit! What the Fuck?
[Morty is sufficating but Rick puts a breathable tube in his mouth, then he opens a trapdoor with bones that float to the surface]
Moustached Goon: Holy Shit.

Lead Gangster: What kind of psycho? His own grandson?

[Rick sets up a device that makes them listen to their conversation]

Moustached Goon: Guess he took your threat pretty serious.

Lead Gangster: Yeah, but it just doesn't make any sense.

[Morty shows a angered face, but Rick responds with the finger while the group are talking]

Black Coat Goon: Well, he was a scientist. Maybe he knew more about acid, maybe it's like the most painlesss way to go.

Lead Gangster: How could that have been painless? You saw that pause before the bones floated up. That has to be like five seconds of unparalleled torture. I can't get my head around it. I, I thought I'd seen this galaxy at it's darkest. This is going to take a while to feel normal.

Mustached Goon: We're pretty good listeners boss, drinks are on us if you want to talk it out.

Lead Gangster: Thanks, but what happened, it happened here. I don't wanna lose the moment.

Black Coat Goon: Take your time, boss. We'll stay as long as you want.

Mustached Goon: Absulutely, I got nowhere to be.

[Morty pinches his nose, showing a sign of annoyance of the situation]

[END OF COLD OPEN & THE OPENING THEME PLAYS]

Plot
Lead Gangster: And then, little Tommy Flim-flam's running down the Hyperloop. His ass is on fire from Xenon fluid, but his AI hologram is fucking his own Pee hole. [laughs]

Black Coat Goon: Great story boss.

Mustached Goon: Really detailed

Lead Gangster: Yeah, well I got a million of 'em. All right, I think I'm ready to deal with the world now. Let's geet out of here.

Mustached Goon: Should we drop our buddy in here before we go?

Lead Gangster: Yeah, probabbly a good idea.

[Rick prepares to open the trapdoor with spare bones.

Mustached Goon: Should we use a different vat? Does acid lose its acid power the more it dissolves?

Black Coat Goon: What am I, an Acidologist? Here grab that rat-like creature. We'll do a little test.

[Rick grabs a bone, takes his knife and carves rat bones then gives it to Morty to hold on to]

Lead Gangster: Look, if you the damn acid, don't use a rat. Take that ladle, grab a spoonful and put it in the analyzer.

[A ladle goes on the vat to take a sample, and Rick shoots it. When the Gangsters take it out, they shout in surprise]

Lead Gangster: I'd say that's pretty acidy, drop him in.

[A rat is thrown in to the vat, suprising Rick as he barely opens the trapdoor with Morty trying to close it as Rick shift his focus on the rat]

Lead Gangster: What are you doing?

Mustached Goon: You said-

Lead Gangster: Not the rat, the guy.

[Rick cathes the rat but Morty is unable to close the door, allowing the spare bones to release]

Mustached Goon: Ohhh!

[Rick tries to kill the rat but Morty pulls the rat to him then gives his air tube]

Lead Gangster: Look at the size of the bones on that rat.

Mustached Goon: Oh, how many sets of bones this rat got?

Black Coat Goon: Look how the smaller ones are shaped, their like little cartoon bones. Like if you dreaw a bone in art class.

Lead Gangster: Alright that tears it, I'm cancelling of the rest of my night and calling a bone scientist. We're getting to the bottom of this-

[Morty goes to the surface with a rat and a lazer gun in his hand]

Morty: Jesus Fucking Chist enough already!

[Morty then throws the rat at them then shoots the leader to no affect, Rick then comes up, takes the gun from Morty and adjust the setting then kills all of them. Morty then jumps out of the vat and collets all of the red crystals to put in the suitcase then they madly look at each other]

Morty; Can we go?

[Scene cuts to the car with both of them silent and with Morty's arms crossed]

Rick: The fuck is wrong with you?!

Morty: Just admit is was a shitty idea!

Rick: Having a grandson?!

Morty: The vat of fake acid, are you dying of dementia?!

Rick: How are you talking to me like this? Wh-whe-When did you get so cocky?

Morty: Tonight! Tonight Rick. The night I saw you fail.

Rick: Because you ruined it!

Morty: It was pre-ruined!

Rick: Oh was it worse than when I was a pickle? Oh-oh-oh, that's right, you weren't there for that, turns out kind of cool. Maybe there's a connection there

Morty: Excuse me?

Rick: What's that cool thing you did without me again? The awesome thing? I-I-I guess you wanted a dragon? *Does a chef's kiss Unforgettable.

Morty: God fuck you

Rick: Timely too, you really got in that "Game of Thrones" fever right at the peak

Morty: You trying as hard as you can to hurt me right now proves my point.

Rick: I'll let you know when you have a point and the world will know whe I try to hurt you.

Morty: Big man, big genius, big lonely drunk.

Rick: Hey save some of these atomic-age beatnik zingers for your English homework, Bukowski.

[They arrive at the garrage with Morty storming off]

RIck: There's no such thing as a bad idea, Morty. It's about execution.

[Morty shuts the door then Ricks works on his gadgets, until Morty comes back]

Morty: No such thing as a bad idea except all of mine, right?

Rick: Morty, wanting a dragon isn't an idea.

Morty: I'm not talking about that! I'm constantly pitching you ideas, Rick, and you act like they're not even worth thinking about.

Rick: What, the helicopter lawn chair? That's just something you saw on TV.

Morty: What about my video-game-style place-saving device?

Rick: Oh my God, here we go.

Morty: It's a good idea, Rick! A device that lets you-

Rick: Save your place like in a video game but in real life so that you can try stuff and then go back to your save point, yes Morty, I saw it on "Futurama."

Morty: Oh, so you don't do anything unless it's original?

Rick:I don't do time travel.

Morty: It's not time travel, it's saving a place in time-

Rick: Oh my God, is this what you think I do? This is where the heavylifting happens in your mind? Do you have any idea how much fucking work would have to go into a machine that-

Morty: Ah-ha! You can't do it.

Rick: I can do anything, Morty. Your idea is not worth doing.

Morty: You can't do it.

Rick: Before what you're trying to do was called "negging," it was called "reverse psychology" and incels didn't incent it, Bugs Bunny did.

Morty: You can't do it.

Rick: There is nothing I cannot do.

Morty: A place-saving video-game thing!

Rick: You're a piece of shit!

Morty: Just say you can't do it!

Rick: I won't

Morty: You won't say you can't?

Rick: Fuck you, Morty!

Morty: Fuck you!

Rick: Fuck you!

[Rick, enraged, then angrily sweeps his table, including his tools then kicks it out. He then grabs a piece of old metal, a pair of goggles and a blowtorch then starts working. Morty just stares at him for a moment]

Morty: So are you gonna-

Rick: Yes, I'm gonna fucking do it!