Man: Hey, golf is easy now!
Man: Aahh! Golf is hard again! Golf is hard agaaaaaaain!
Terry: The view here is the same as yours, Jim. A giant head has entered Earth’s gravity, triggering climate change and natural disasters we thought were impossible for at least another eight years.
Jim:  Let’s not make this political, Terry. Do we know what this giant head wants?
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT. 
Rick: Oh boy. Time to go, Morty.
Morty: Uhh, where?
Summer: Is it God? If it’s God, do we get out of school?
Beth: It’s not God, Summer.
Jerry: She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!
Beth: Shut up, Jerry.
Jerry: Ok…
Beth: Dad, what do you know about this?
Rick: Morty and I are going to look into it. You guys hold tight.
Mr. Goldenfold: Scary stuff, huh? Pretty freaky. Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher. I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together.
Beth: How is praying going to help?
Mr. Goldenfold: Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather. Did you wanna play checkers? Let’s be rational! I’ll see you at God’s house! 
President: Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time! Simon?
Simon: SETI, NORAD, and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity’s got. String theory, world history, the human genome.
Nathan: Have you tried sending it launch codes? Mr. President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM! And I say we show it right up this floating head’s ass!
Guards: Hold it! Don’t move! 
Rick: Stay back! This watch turns people into snakes!
President: Stand down. Everybody stand down! I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed. There’s no need for any more snake-makery.
Rick: My name is Rick Sanchez. This here’s my grandson Morty. 
Everyone: Hi, Morty.
Morty: Hey.
Everyone: Seriously, that’s impossible, etc…
Simon: You mean like Vivaldi?
Rick: No, Frasier. A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms.
President: All right, all right. Thank you, Mr. Sanchez. Change of plan, people. Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-Dream.  The-Dream? He wrote “Umbrella” and “Single Ladies”? You people haven’t heard of The-Dream?
Rick: You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51.
Nathan: How do you know about that?
President: For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes. He can use Google Maps.
Aide: Sir! Pharrell, Newman, Corgan, and that Dream guy. They’re all dead.
President: What? How is that possible? Do people just die when I name them?
Aide: The Grammys, sir. There was an earthquake and all the musicians...  All the famous ones, they’re gone.
President: Dear God.
Aide: Hold on, sir, just a minute. Ice-T survived. He’s inbound on an F-15, ETA two hours.
Rick: Good luck, Mr. President.
Simon: Sir, the magnetic poles are about to reverse. In two hours, there may not be an Earth to save.
President: Sanchez! Are you a musician?
Rick: I dabble, Mr. President.
President: Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51.
Father Bob: People! Everyone! Remain calm! Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith! When God deals you an 11, you don’t fold! You double down, and always hit on a soft 16. That means you, Jews.
Jew: I beg your pardon, pastor, but the last I looked outside, it seems to be you that’s been dealt the weak hand. Jews rule!  Nobody? Ok, tough church.
Principal Vagina: Hi, Principal Vagina. The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian. I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch. The old gods are dead. Fuck all previous existing religions. All hail the one true god, the giant head in the sky.
Principal Vagina: Ah, di di di di.  Bob, Bob, I get it. But unless this  can beat that… what have you done for me lately?  So if you wanna excuse me, I’m going out on the sidewalk and dropping to my knees and pledging my eternal soul to the thing that literally controls the fucking weather!  Outta my way!
Pastor Bob: Ok, if sanity’s been restored to this assembly, I’d like to talk about the cost of repairing our new organ. Sally, the plate, please.
Mr. Goldenfold:  Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!
Morty: Rick, are you really a musician?
Rick: Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?
Morty: Me!
Rick: Yeah, not with that attitude.
Jump Master: We’re in the drop zone! I’m the jump master! My name’s Jamey! With an E-Y! Go, go, go! 
Morty: B-b-but we don’t have a song!
Principal Vagina: Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done. We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism. And of course, the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone.
Rick and Morty: WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!
Rick:  All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it! Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat?
Morty: Rick, I think we need to cut our losses. We get our family and portal out of here!
Rick: Morty! Good music comes from people who are relaxed. Just hit a button, Morty! Gimme a beat!
Morty: Oh man, ok, all right, um…
Rick: Ahhhhh yeahhhhh
Ya gotta get schwifty
Ya gotta get schwifty in here
It’s time to get schwifty
Nathan: Get… schwifty? What the hell is that?
President: It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what.
Rick: Take off your pants and your panties
Shit on the floor
Time to get schwifty in here
I’m Mr. Bulldops
Nathan: Mr. Bulldops?
President: Don’t analyze it, Nathan. It’s working!
Rick: Take a shit on the floor
Time to get schwifty in here
Pastor Bob: And third-level donors get our all access family pass.
Summer: Listen! The storm is stopping!
Rick: Hey, take your pants off
It’s schwifty time today
Giant Head: Hmmmm.
Principal Vagina: Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground.
Giant Head: I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT. GOOD JOB.
Beth: Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this.
Beth: No, I’m… I’m just saying, we don’t know if there’s a cause-effect relationship --
Beth: Oh, God, what’s going on now?
President: What the hell happened?
Aide: Mr. President, you’re gonna wanna see this.
Rick: I think planet Earth has just been transported.
Principal Vagina: The head has left and sent its children!
Beth: Holy CRAP!
Summer: Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion! It will never happen again!
Simon: Sir, we’ve started picking up on a garbled signal. We’re decrypting it now.
Cromulon: WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT. AND THEY DID. NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS, FIVE SONGS. BUT IN THE END, THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE. PLANET MUSIC! All participation is involuntary. Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray.
Rick: Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead.
ACT 2
Cromulon: Welcome back to Planet Music! First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops. The Greebybobes! SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Greebybobe: Hold it, hold it, stop! Music isn’t about competition or captivity! If you love music, you love freedom. Let these worlds be free, please!
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
Cromulon: There’s one every season. Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos. Arbolian Meterososians. SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT.
Arbolian Meterososian: Ah two, three, four…
Aide: Rick, Morty, Ice-T. The timetable’s moved up. Earth’s on in six hours.
Morty: Like we’re not already under enough pressure! 
Rick and Ice-T: Whoa ho ho ho ho!
Rick: Geez, Morty. The guy’s just doing his job. Take it easy.
Morty: Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?! We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!
Rick: Genius happens in the moment, Morty. 
Morty: Well, can we at least go get our family? You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?
Rick: That’s planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning.  Balls.
Rick: Morty, Morty, stop! Listen! There’s only so much charge left in this thing. If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world. Get it?
Morty: What?!
Morty: Stop saying it like it’s a thing! You made it up!
Rick: Hey, Morty! Could you lick my… 
Morty: Rick, cut it out! That’s not funny, Rick!
Nathan: I’ve seen enough. These guys are one-hit wonders.
President: And what’s your plan, General?
Nathan: We still have the nuclear option. On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky.
President: Our planet’s held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience? You can put your faith in nukes if we get through this, General. Until then, I’ll put mine in Rick and Morty. “Get Schwifty” was a jam.
Principal Vagina: Hello? Yes sir, yeah. Thank you sir, thank you. He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival! Happy Ascension!
All: Happy Ascension!
Beth: We should pack up and leave town now.
Jerry: I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream. If you’d stop being such an evangelical atheist, you might start enjoying yourself.
Jerry: Whoa! Look at you! You’re wearing the hat and everything!
Summer: Here’s yours!  Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?
Beth: Yeah, sure. Wait, what??
Summer: I love you guys. You gave me life. And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents.
Beth: Dinner sounds nice.
Ethan: Pardon, Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Summer, are you coming to the Ascension?
Summer: Father, can we please go to the Ascension?
Jerry: Sure! Let’s go to the Ascension. Wh-wh-what is it?
Principal Vagina: We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to us as better babies!  Headward, free now to rise.  Headward, free now to rise.  Headward, free now to rise.
Summer: Oh yes, yes! Rise to the giant head! You are free to be free!
Ice-T: A squeegee comes up from the garage, right? And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other. He’s like, “I’m ready!”
Ice-T: Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?
Ice-T: Aw, damn. We’re out of original flavor Fig Newtons. I should get going anyway.
Rick: Wait, wait, wait! Come on, h-hold on a second!
Morty: What?!
Ice-T: Damn. You didn’t tell me you fuck around with portals and shit.
Morty: That’s it!
Rick: Whoa, whoa! Morty! Give me that!
Morty: You lied! You lied about the charge! You were just being lazy! Get back! Sit down!
Rick: Morty, just put it down. You don’t know what you’re doing.
Morty: I’m going to go find Mom and Dad.
Rick: Nooooo!
Rick: Ahhhh, shit!
President: Ah, shit.
Morty: Ahhh, shit.
Summer: And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them. It was really fun. Praise be the head!
Jerry and Beth: Praise be the…
Jerry: Yeah.
Principal Vagina: Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina. Thanks for farming all those potatoes. It’s 6 p.m., so if you’re a parent, you’re now entitled to adoration from your children.
Summer: I’m going to start dinner! 
Beth: I don’t know what to say. Summer is doing really well here.
Jerry: She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become.
Beth: She’s not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew…
Balloon Man: Please help me! You can reach me if you try. Please help me!!
Beth: That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!
Summer: Taco time!  I hope it pleases you as the head desires.
Beth: That’s wonderful, Summer!
Jerry: We’re so proud of you. But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night.
Summer: Of course I do, silly!  Oh my God, daddy, I’m sorry I called you silly! I’m so sorry!  Heavenly head and cranial creator! Forgive my transgressions against family and community! May my chores complete me as I complete them!
Birdperson: Morty.
Morty: Birdperson?
Birdperson: You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.
Rick: Wh-What do you think, Ice? Probably a little over-developed.
Ice-T: Shit. Over-developed, under-developed. Bad songs are bad songs.
Rick: Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or… ?
Ice-T: Ah, hell no, man. You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame. You know what I’m sayin’?
Ice-T: Pfff. I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man.
Rick: What? Why not?
Ice-T: Yo, this is why.
Rick: What the fuck? You can turn into ice?
Ice-T: My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium. There, every being is a letter of the alphabet. But I was frozen and exiled to the cosmos by my elders as punishment for not caring enough about anything. Earth is just one of the many stops on my lifelong journey with no destination. So you better believe I don’t care if it blows up! Cause I’ll just be ice, floatin’ through space, like a comet!
Ice-T: Pshhhh. Man, watch me. Good luck, Rick.
President: Ok, things are getting out of hand. I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty.”
Nathan: Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough.
President: What the hell are you doing, Nathan? I’m the goddamn President of the United fuckin’ States!
Nathan: I’m setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth’s performance. And you, Mr. President, I hope you like being hit in the face with a gun!
President: Wait, wait, wait, why-why --
Birdperson: I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him.
Morty: But can you help me get to my family? You know, at my house?
Birdperson: Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun? In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.
Morty: All of Rick’s moves are dick moves! Wh-what am I eating? What is this, bird seed?
Birdperson: It is random debris. I found it in my carpet. I don’t know what humans eat.
Tammy: You know what THIS human eats!
Birdperson: Don’t be gross, Tammy.
Tammy:  Bird… dick.
Morty: Tammy… gross. Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself. He doesn’t think about the consequences of anything he does.
Birdperson: And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds. And he is the reason you and I know each other. And the reason I’m alive at all.
Morty: What’s that? Who’s that baby?
Birdperson: Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick. I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld, even jobs, possibly as worm ranchers. How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick?
Cromulon: That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp.” Up next, planet Earth!
Morty: Oh God! We’re up?!?!
Principal Vagina: Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world.
Beth: The world?
Principal Vagina: Headism is a hit. We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising.
Jerry: You… would?
Principal Vagina: Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine.
Beth: That’s my dream! That’s my dream.
Jerry: Thank you. This is all so overwhelming, but, uh… we can’t.
Beth: Absolutely not.
Principal Vagina: I’m sorry?
Beth: We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s become.
Jerry: We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion.  And you know what? I’m sick of pretending that we’re together because of the kids in the first place! I married you because you’re the love of my life!
Beth:  And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that! You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!
Beth: Please don’t do this, please don’t do this! Summer!
Jerry: Summer, listen carefully. I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts.
Summer: You’re going to be ok!  You will come back as babies!
Jerry: I AM a baby! I’m a baby NOW!
Morty: Hello? Is anybody here?  Mr. President!
President: This is Bluebird. Code tango-niner-alpha. Abort launch. Abort! Hello?  He’s blocked me out.
Morty: Sir, I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty!
President: It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty. The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!
Morty: Oh my God! C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?
President: Can the Pope’s dick fit through a donut?
Morty: Uhhh, I’m not sure?
President: Exactly!
Cromulon: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Rick: Ahem.  Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts.
Principal Vagina: Headward free now to rise!
Mr. Goldenfold: Hey! Look at the heads! Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!
President: I’m really bad at this, Morty! There are way too many buttons on this thing!
Morty: Mr. President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a fuck!
Rick: Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh, tough crowd.
Principal Vagina: I’m sure that has… that has nothing to do with this.
Summer: The heads are displeased! 
Ethan: Summer! 
Rick: Morty!
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads love this! They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!
Principal Vagina: No! Stop that! You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!
President: Call off the nuclear strike! This is the President. Stop the nuclear missile launch!
Nathan: Just launch the missiles!
Cromulon: BOO! NOT COOL!
Principal Vagina: I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads disqualified Vagina! Get him!
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED! DISQUALIFIED!
All: Ice-T?
Ice-T: That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T! I care now! You made me care more! With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty have to play.
Morty: What do you say, Rick?
Rick: I say…  Let’s do it!
Rick: All right!
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick: Come on, here we go!
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick: Say it with me!
All: Head bent over
Raised up posterior
Head bent over 
Raised up posterior
Principal Vagina: Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!!
All: Head bent over 
Raised up posterior 
Head bent over 
Cromulon: After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion. Goodbye!
All: Yeah, we did it!
Mr. Goldenfold: Did he just say “musical reality show”?
Jerry: Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all.
Principal Vagina: HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!
Beth: We should go get him.
President: I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty.
Morty: Sure thing! And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?
President: Actually, if you try to tell anyone what happened here, we’ll deny it and probably worse.
Morty: Understood.
Nathan: DIIIIEEEE!!!!
President: Why didn’t he turn into a snake?
Rick: Trade secret, Mr. President. Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg.
President: I love this man!
Ice-T: Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F. Father.
Magnesium-J: Word of your selfless acts on the Earth planet have travelled across the galaxy.
Ice-T: I have changed. I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium.
Magnesium-J: Very well. Your exile ends today!
Magnesium-J: Welcome home... Water-T.
Purple-P: The Numbericons! They’re attacking!
Magnesium-J: Battle stations!
Water-T: Father!
Magma-Q: I love you son. I should have never turned you to ice. 
Magnesium-J: Water-T, where are you going? There’s too many of them!
Water-T: Then I better crunch the numbers.